Question posed by client business:Is Rimini Street GDPR Compliant? Response to customer question:Yes.Rimini Street complies with the GDPR and all applicable data protection laws and also provides appropriate actual and contractual safeguards to clients to support their compliance.By adhering to audited and certified ISO 27001:2013 standards for security and is also certified to the rigorous privacy standards of the APEC CBPRs.  We protect all client data, including personal data to which we may incidentally have access while providing technical services; and by providing GDPR-compliant terms to customers and complying with them, we allow clients to use our services in a fully GDPR-compliant partnership.
Question posed by client business:Where any part of the agreed service(s) with the 3rd party are sub-contracted on to other third parties, or is dependent in any way by services supplied by other third parties, what security requirements are there agreed with the third party and what Information Security assurance is obtained from them? Response to customer question:Rimini Street has clearly defined policies around the handling of confidential information by employees and subcontractors who all sign the Confidentiality & Non-Disclosure Agreement during the pre-employment process which includes the following topics:  - Confidential Information Definition - Incorporation of Confidential Information in Other Documents - Non-Disclosure - Exceptions to Confidentiality Obligations - Ownership of Confidential Information - Return of Certain Confidential Information - Use of Confidential Information - Information Regarding Existence of Discussions - Legally Required Disclosure - Export of Confidential Information - No Assignment - Term of Agreement - Governing Laws - No Patent or Trademark License - Integration - Remedies - No Warranties - Limited Scope
Question posed by client business:Please report on the following Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) related to ethics (please specify the year) Response to customer question:Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) related to ethics reporting year 2022 include:   Over 99% of total workforce trained ( e.g. through e- learning) on business ethics issues    100% of all operational sites for which an internal audit/risk assessment concerning business ethics issues has been conducted. 100% of all operational sites with certified anti- corruption management system.  110% of all operational sites with an information security management system ( ISMS) certified to ISO 27000.    The number of reports related to whistleblower procedure, corruption incidents, confirmed information security incidents is confidential information that we would not share, however we do track them. 
Question posed by client business:Has your company obtained external certifications related to business ethics issues (e.g. anti-corruption, information security)? Response to customer question:Rimini Steet  has obtained external certifications related to business ethics issues. We hold the following certification:   ISO27001 Certificate 2019 ( Certificate) Cyber Essentials Certification APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules Letter of Attestation of Certification ( Certificate) all: This document certifies our audit and certification for APEC CBPR which relates to business ethics in the use of personal data 
Question posed by client business:What actions are in place regarding information security? Response to customer question:Regarding Rimini Street's information security actions, ISO 27001 certificate required that we demonstrated proof of Awareness training to prevent information security breaches to the ISO 27001 auditor, provide proof of policies and procedures with concrete steps, reporting mechanism for Whistleblower procedure, assessment of infosec risks across the enterprise, regular monitoring of the effectiveness of our infosec program and our IRP to managed breaches of confidential information.  RSI maintains a formalized and detailed data retention schedule indicating lengths of time, etc.,  internal controls to restrict physical or digital access to third party data and obtain stakeholder consent regarding use and retention of confidential information. 
Question posed by client business:What actions are in place to prevent anticompetitive practices? Response to customer question:RSI require all internal employees to take Awareness training to prevent anti- competitive practices. Also, we require internal training on Whistleblower procedure for stakeholders to report anti- competitive practices. Our Ethics and Compliance team and Corporate Legal teams assess anti-competitive risks across all practices, including mergers and acquisitions. We perform internal audits of our processes and submit all processes and policies to external ISO 9001 audit certification.
Question posed by client business:What actions are in place to prevent corruption and bribery? Response to customer question:RSI requires all employees to take Awareness training to prevent corruption and bribery. We have specific approval procedures in place for sensitive transactions ( e.g. gifts, travel) including whistleblower procedures for stakeholders to report corruption and bribery through our Compliance Helpline. We also perform risk assessments related to anti-corruption, including sanctions and politically interested persons checks. We have an internal audit function as part of a separate team that audits the ethics and compliance team to prevent corruption and bribery. Cross audits ensure a separation of powers to avoid conflicts of interest.
Question posed by client business:What is SOC 2 Type II? Response to customer question:SOC 2 Type 2 is an audit standard for solution providers that host and manage client systems and data (such as data center providers).  Attached is our latest ISO27001 certificate which covers all of our support delivery organization.  As Rimini Street does not host, manage, or transmit client systems or data, SSAE 16 is not an applicable certification program for us.  Rimini Street instead utilizes and has successfully certified against the ISO27001 framework as it is the best match for the services provided by Rimini Street. This framework ensures that Rimini Street delivers services to clients in a highly secure manner that meet the business, security, compliance, and regulatory requirements of all Rimini Street clients.
Question posed by client business:Are you able to provide proof of GDPR/HIPAA/CCPA and other applicable privacy law, compliance? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street can provide a certificate of APEC CBPR certification, which is also evidence of compliance with common standards of most global privacy laws.
"Do all employees and personnel that will be assigned to the client receive training on the following topics as they may apply?    For each topic, please list: ? Course name ? Personnel roles that are required to train ? How the training is conducted (i.e., online, live, webinar) ? How is course testing given? ? How is completion/attendance is tracked? ? Frequency of the training requirement (i.e., annually, at time of hire). Response to customer question:Yes. All RSI employees receive applicable training during the HR Onboarding process, and annually thereafter must retake such training courses online. The training provided  is a combination of standardized Thomson Reuters content and materials developed in house.  When an employee completes a Learning Path which may include course testing, they will receive an Achievement in their Achievements tab along with the appropriate certificate if applicable.  Such trainings include the following topics:   ? Code of Business Conduct and Ethics ? Whistleblower ? Harassment Prevention for US Employees - Office 2 ? Global Workplace Harassment Prevention for Employees ? Global Anti-Corruption ? Transformation (& Leading) During Disruption ? Acceptable Use Policy (AUP) and Injunction Compliance Training ? New Hire IT Orientation ? Information Security ? Conflicts of Interest ? Insider Trading ? Annual Privacy Training ? Management Systems Training for New Employees  Global Security Risk and Compliance also provides Security Awareness training and ISMS training for applicable personnel.
Question posed by client business:Request to provide your Statements of applicability (SOA) document. Response to customer question:No.Statement of Applicability Version number and release date : POL-024 Revision 8 dated June 18, 2021 (per RSI?s ISO 27001 certificate).   Please note RSI's ISO 27001 Statement of Applicability (""SOA"") is an internal company document which we do not typically share with clients.   However our security team can share RSI's SOA in a virtual session if required. Please note RSI's ISO 27001 SOA does not include software code development or e-commerce in scope, as this is not a part of RSI's support services offering.
Question posed by client business:If supplier leverages web pages, what kind of digital certificate is used to protect each web server - a simple SSL certificate, or a Global Server ID certificate? (Note - Global Server IDs are also sometimes known as Server Gated Cryptography or International Step Up).  Which CA (Verisign, Thawte, GTE Cybertrust, etc.) do you use?  (1) Do you use any other public or private keys?  (2) Describe key management procedures (storage, distribution, access, revocation, expiration, renewal, etc.). Response to customer question:For any web servers requiring encryption, RSI utilizes 128bit SSL with Thawts as the CA. Revocation in annual.  For selected internal encrypted connections, RSI utilizes Microsoft based PKI.
Question posed by client business:Can Rimini Street provide a certificate of proof to verify that the company has liability insurance coverage to cover exhibiting at events? Response to customer question:Yes. RSI does have liability insurance to cover exhibiting at events. Proof of insurance is available upon request.
Question posed by client business:Describe your remote access/VPN controls and the methods used in the protection of remote access. Are connections from laptops, mobile devices, and remote users into the company?s network secured? Response to customer question:Yes. Authentication controls, like two-factor and certificates, are in place for remote access. VPN users are required to have personal firewalls and are restricted from accessing Internet using split tunneling. Mobile devices like laptops have hard disk encryption enabled. Additional Info: All VPN users utilize Rimini Street provided and centrally managed computers with disk encryption.
Question posed by client business:Is the data center or offshore delivery center (ODC) hosted by a service provider?  If so, please provide a copy of the service provider?s SSAE 16 or a description of their controls. Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street utilizes hosted colocation providers. All centers are audited for compliance with Rimini Street?s ISO27001 certification process. Rimini Street will provide a copy of the ISO27001 certificate upon request.
Question posed by client business:Does Vendor perform periodic internal or third-party audits of it information systems, processes and key controls?  If Yes, please describe. Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street submits to annual audit for ISO 27001 and ISO 9001 certification by a qualified and independent third party auditor.
Question posed by client business:Please attach a current copy of your companies most recent ISO 27001/2 Certification. * Response to customer question:Yes. Attached is a copy of Rimini Street?s current ISO27001 certificate which covers all of our Support Delivery organization.
Question posed by client business:Is your organization HITRUST Certified and/or do you have a clean SOC2 Type II audit report issued within the most recent 12 months? If Yes, please specify which (if not both) your organization has. Response to customer question:No.Attached is a copy of Rimini Street?s current ISO27001 certificate which covers all of our Support Delivery organization.Rimini Street utilizes ISO27001 instead of SOC 2 Type II as we are not a provider of hosted services.
Question posed by client business:How are Rimini Street engineers qualified and having the requisite skill for the assignments and do they hold any certifications? Response to customer question:At Rimini Street we are focused on Engineers total abilities including their technical skill, aptitude for problem solving, ability to provide world class customer service, and providing genuine debug work especially under high pressure situations like critical support work. We have a formal training program at Rimini Street for non-technical and technical training. When we send Engineers on training if they expressed an interest to get certified we?d allow it (and pay if they passed the exam) but certification is not the end-goal for training and we do not track the engineers certifications. We want our teams to build and maintain skills not the certificates. At Rimini Street our engineers have minimum 10 plus years of relevant experience in the products they support and are working daily on systems with the latest software deployed and many with earlier versions.   In addition to their real-world experience, Rimini Street Primary Support Engineers (PSEs) hold a wide variety of professional certifications, including, but not limited to: Oracle Database, Java, Identity Management, EBS R1 and R12 product families, VCP (Value Chain Planning), Demantra, Siebel, PeopleSoft, ITIL, CPA, SAP Business Suite (ECC, CRM, SCM and SRM), NetWeaver, Business Warehouse, and Business Objects. Rimini Street invests heavily in training and in addition to recruiting certified and highly experienced staff, we ensure that all our engineers continue to gain knowledge of newer components and releases of Oracle and SAP products.
Question posed by client business:Has a third party or internal audit performed an information security assessment or audit in the last 12 months on the data protection program? (If so, please attach copies.) Response to customer question:Yes. A copy of our ISO27001 certificate is provide as evidence of our successful completion of this audit.
Question posed by client business:Will you provide us with an ISO 27001 certificate or SOC 2 Type II report upon request? Response to customer question:Yes. Upon written request, Supplier shall provide to client a copy of its current ISO 27001 certificate documenting completion of its annual third party security assessment and compliance with applicable standards.  SOC 2 is not appropriate standards for Rimini Street's support services, because it does not host client data as a service.  Instead, Rimini Street submits to the rigorous international standards of ISO 27001 for information security and ISO 9001 for quality management.
Question posed by client business:Can vendor process customer data in compliance with the  the GLBA Privacy & Security Rules?   * Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street complies with applicable law, including the GLBA and its Privacy & Security Rules.
Question posed by client business:Is there a process for allowing personnel to access workstations and/or servers that have client data when such access is required? (e.g., visitor sign-in, visitor escort, identity authentication and verification protocols, etc.) Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street does not access or manage date from systems that we are contracted to support when providing client services, unless an SOW specifically contemplates such access.
Question posed by client business:Describe access control arrangements that ensure that access to IT systems and associated information is restricted to authorised individuals on a""least privilege"" basis, and enforced accordingly. Response to customer question:To ensure that only authorized personnel can access customer network infrastructure, Rimini Street utilizes various tools, design principles, and technologies such as encrypted, firewalled, and restricted VPN connections. Customer networks are only accessed from dedicated, client specific gateways that are centrally hosted and managed in our datacenters. Rimini Street has very clear policies regarding the access of customer network resources and restricted controls in place to prevent unauthorized access. Rimini Street also has auditing processes in place to monitor and limit such access.
Question posed by client business:Is remote access to systems hosting client information permitted? Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street does not access or manage date from systems that we are contracted to support when providing client services, unless an SOW specifically contemplates such access.
Question posed by client business:How do you grant privileged access in the client or customer enviornment? Response to customer question:Privileged access is not required for the provision of services.  All access would be granted by the client.   Support Engineer accounts would day-to-day work accounts, NOT privileged accounts.  Access rights are reviewed montly at a minimum and reported on during management reviews.
Question posed by client business:Do you monitor access and usage of the VPN?   * Response to customer question:Yes. To ensure that only authorized personnel can access customer network infrastructure, Rimini Street utilizes various tools, design principles, and technologies such as encrypted, firewalled, and restricted VPN connections. Customer networks are only accessed from dedicated, client specific gateways that are centrally hosted and managed in our datacenters. Rimini Street has very clear policies regarding the access of customer network resources and restricted controls in place to prevent unauthorized access. Rimini Street also has auditing processes in place to monitor and limit such access.
Question posed by client business:Describe what controls are in place to prevent unauthorised access where the 3rd party?s systems are accessed remotely Response to customer question:Rimini Street does not download or store client environment data, it only uses support communications.  Its only access to client data is through remote access to an endpoint controlled by the client. To ensure that only authorized personnel can access customer network infrastructure, Rimini Street utilizes various tools, design principles, and technologies such as encrypted, firewalled, and restricted VPN connections. Customer networks are only accessed from dedicated, client specific gateways that are centrally hosted and managed in our datacenters. Rimini Street has very clear policies regarding the access of customer network resources and restricted controls in place to prevent unauthorized access. Rimini Street also has auditing processes in place to monitor and limit such access.
Question posed by client business:Do all projects involving Scoped Systems and Data go through some form of information security assessment? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is evidence of internal controls available during a client assessment? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is a risk assessment of external parties performed? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does your organization perform vulnerability management assessments on internet facing assets? Response to customer question:Yes. Annually
Question posed by client business:Do you permit customers to perform non-intrusive assessments of the vendors infrastructure, application, and operations security controls??? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Have you completed the Cloud Security Alliance (CSA) self-assessment or CAIQ? Response to customer question:Not Applicable This is not applicable to our services.
Question posed by client business:Is there an independent 3rd party review of the information security program (outside assessment, penetration tests )? Response to customer question:Yes. We have implemented ISO 27001 and completed certification
Question posed by client business:The results of the latest enterprise and location level risk assessment(s) performed Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Please describe your Privacy by Design program. * Response to customer question:Rimini Street requires by policy and standard operating procedure that all projects and products with an impact upon the privacy of client or Rimini Street data subjects are subject to a privacy impact assessment and associated recommendations to align with best practices and regulatory requirements, including the GDPR.
Question posed by client business:Does your company enforce security standards for third parties that connect to your network? Response to customer question:Yes. Requests must be approved by management, Tech risk assessments are performed prior to approval, third party connections are monitored for security events.
Question posed by client business:Documentation that defines the organization's risk assessment life cycle. Inventory/register of applicable risks and controls included in the risk management program Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:For all subcontractors requiring assessment, is there a contract?  Response to customer question:Yes. Subcontractor approval requires contractual term review.
Question posed by client business:Do you conduct network vulnerability assessments and penetration tests of your infrastructure regularly? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street performs periodic and at least annual penetration testing, follows a rigorous auditing schedule, and has numerous technical controls in place, including a full vulnerability management program.  Additionally, Rimini Street engages an authorized and qualified external vendor to perform annual penetration testing and vulnerability assessment.
Question posed by client business:Is there a formalized Risk Assessment process that identifies, quantifies, and prioritizes risks based on the risk acceptance levels relevant to the organization?   Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street is audited and certified under ISO 27001:2013 and ISO 9001:2015. Privacy risks are quantified in accordance with a privacy impact assessment formula.
Question posed by client business:Is there a risk assessment program? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you engage third-party security services to conduct ongoing vulnerability assessments for your network, applications, and physical security? Response to customer question:Yes. Vulnerability assessments are managed in house utilizing multiple industry standard products
Question posed by client business:Describe any documented risk assessment process(es) in place for assessing operational risks related to critical applications, computer installations, networks and systems under development.  Include details of how the impact of any loss of Confidentiality, Integrity and/or Availability is assessed in relation to the service(s) provided. Response to customer question:Risk assessment is performed annually per the requirements of Rimini Streets? ISO27001 certified Information Security Management System (ISMS).
Question posed by client business:Are client audits and/or risk assessments permitted?   * Response to customer question:Yes<p>Any such client audits and/or risk assessments are permitted in accordance with agreed standards.</p>
Question posed by client business:Is a review of the plan conducted at least annually? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How frequently does Service Provider test and update the Plan? Response to customer question:The plan is reviewed annually.
Question posed by client business:Describe the organisation's process for recording, reviewing and resolving all incidents. Response to customer question:Per the ISO27001 certified Rimini Street ISMS, RSI has a full Information Security Incident Management Plan (ISIMP) to address incidents. This process is reviewed annually. Client would be notified without delay by your PSE in the event of an incident that involves Client. No breaches have occurred to date at Rimini Street.
Question posed by client business:Do you have a process for securely developing code? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street does not code software applications as a service.  When software configurations are provide as a solution, all configurations are managed through existing vendor-provided tools.  All code is packaged and delivered to client's development and test environment.  Pursuant to the Services Agreement, all code delivered shall be reviewed and tested by client prior to use in the production environment.
Question posed by client business:Does your organization have a documented IT Risk Management Program?  If yes, describe the process and timing of how your organization assesses IT risk. Response to customer question:Yes, part of the ISO 27001 provides for an in depth security risk assessment process and methodology, risk is reviewed annually.  This includes a review of accounts and access.  Process and outputs reviewed independently by ISO auditor.  We also have a corporate risk assessment, which addresses business risks, run by the Internal Audit function.
Question posed by client business:If so, what security review does Service Provider conduct on these third parties that provide Sourcing Information? Response to customer question:Connections are secured and access locked and audited.  Reviews not applicable.
Question posed by client business:What kind of security testing and security reviews are done internally? Response to customer question:We conduct our own vulnerability management scans quarterly.  Changes go through change control from which the Security team reviews.
Question posed by client business:Do third-parties go through a security review before data is provided to them?   * Response to customer question:Yes. All third parties are subject to security review before confidential or personal data is provided to them.
Question posed by client business:Has your organization experienced a data privacy breach in the last five years? Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street has not suffered a personal data breach in the last five years.
Question posed by client business:If yes, please describe why and what methods are used to ensure the personal device meets configuration requirements. Response to customer question:Employees can use personal devices to view their Email through the web browser Outlook client (OWA), which does not require VPN.  In each office site, an RSI guest wireless network is provided for personal devices.
Question posed by client business:Describe types of personal data your organization will have access to, process, collect, handle, store, transfer or maintain in the provision of your products or services to Likewise. Specifically mention if any of the Sensitive Personal Data listed here are dealt with: Personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person?s sex life or sexual orientation, credit card information. Response to customer question:Not Applicable The personal data processed by Rimini Street includes business contact information including: business email address, first and last name, company title, phone number, and time zone and a password for the creation of an account. Rimini Street may adjust the categories of personal data as necessary to improve the services for purposes of better fulfilling the requirements of service agreements with clients.  In addition, support personnel may recommend that client users add office location and language preference, or any further contact details that will be reflected in your submitted cases and relevant to your support team to contact you for high priority cases.  Rimini Street does not solicit sensitive personal data or personal data that is not necessary for support communications.  Never accessible to Rimini Street, but stored by the underlying support portal technology, is information, such as password and certificates as necessary to authenticate the encrypted and secured access of each support user.  Support portal administrators can create additional users for their organization.  Non-structured communications, such as email, telephone, support ticket attachments or other means of communication provided by Rimini Street are not encouraged or solicited by our staff, so that we minimize the possibility or receiving sensitive or irrelevant data. Our policies, training and support technology are designed to also minimize such risks.
Question posed by client business:Indicate adherence to Data protection procedures where any related data is held on data storage media (e.g. customer personal data, financial data, etc) Response to customer question:RSI does not use, host or access personal data in the performance of services except for information as strictly necessary for communications regarding the services that we term support communications.  Support communications is not collected from the client environments or from databases that we support.
Question posed by client business:The company has established a policy for the protection of personal information. Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street maintains privacy policies to ensure certification with APEC CBPR certification, ISO 27001:2013 certification, ISO 9001:2015 certification, and applicable laws, including the GDPR.
Question posed by client business:Is personal information collected directly from an individual by the organization on behalf of the client? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:We will ensure that personal information entrusted to us is not copied or reproduced for purposes other than those for which it was entrusted. Response to customer question:Yes. Personal data entrusted to Rimini Street is not copied or reproduced for purposes other than those for which it was collected/entrusted, except where required by applicable law, court order, electronic backups, or data retention obligations or as otherwise authorized under the client agreement/contract.
Question posed by client business:Is data anonymized before use in any development/test environment?  Please explain. Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street does not have direct control over what information a client chooses to share with Rimini Street during service provision. Clients control the test environments to which Rimini Street connects, Clients must take appropriate efforts to avoid providing access to personal data not required for the services.  Such measures may include actions to anonymize, obfuscate, de-identify data so that it can be used as test data.
Question posed by client business:4. A management ledger describing the rules for handling entrusted personal information (information items, purpose of use, storage method, access person, deadline for use, etc.) is maintained. Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street maintains records of processing personal data.
Question posed by client business:List the countries from which the personal data is being collected or accessed. Response to customer question:Not Applicable The countries from which the personal data is being collected or accessed would relate to the contacts assigned to work with Rimini Street and their country locations and is therefore under the control of the client.  Rimini Street has no insight into the the countries relating to any data subject within the databases that we are contracted to support.
Question posed by client business:Does Vendor deidentify Personal Information as part of the Relevant Services? If no, the remainder of this section can be marked N/A. Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street does not process personal data as a service and therefore does not deidentify any client environment data.  The personal information in support communications that Rimini Street has access to from client as part of the services are business contact and other information and must remain usable to allow that communication.
Question posed by client business:The number of people who handle personal information entrusted to them is minimized. Response to customer question:Yes. In accordance with Rimini Street privacy policies audited under ISO 27001:2013 and APEC CBPR standards and compliant with the GDPR, personnel are granted access to personal data necessary for their roles and the compatible with the purposes for which such personal data was collected.
Question posed by client business:Are you compliant with Japan's APPI with respect to personal information international data transfer? Response to customer question:Yes. Transfers of Japan client personal informational occur where (a) support communications are processed by Rimini Street systems during the course of communications or (b) where client environment data containing personal information is viewed by our engineers.   Intragroup agreements, Binding Corporate Rules ('BCRs'), and Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation ('APEC') Cross-Border Privacy Rules ('CBPRs') can be used as an option to transfer personal data to a third party outside Japan. Business operators may legally transfer personal data to a third party located outside Japan if the recipient is certified under an international scheme concerning handling of personal information. International schemes include certification under the APEC CBPRs.  Rimini Street has been audited, attested and certified under the APEC CBPRs since 2014.  Therefore clients need not be concerned about transfers or updates to data transfer laws.
Question posed by client business:What is Rimini Street's SIC code? Response to customer question:7371
Question posed by client business:Has your company implemented a formal policy covering any of the following topics? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street Inc, has a formal policy in place that covers Corruption,  Conflict of interest, Fraud, Money laundering, Anti- competitive practices and Information security.
Question posed by client business:How does your entity monitor scope 3 emissions Response to customer question:Rimini Street does not currently monitor scope 3 emissions. 
Question posed by client business:How does your entity reduce scope 3 emissions? Response to customer question:Rimini Street works to reduce emissions from business travel, employee commuting, or downstream transportation. It is in the best interest of all Rimini Street colleagues to help minimize travel to what is reasonable and valuable, and to maximize the use of other forms of virtual meeting when possible. 
Question posed by client business:Please report on the following KPIs related to sustainable procurement. (please specify the year) Response to customer question:Not monitored
Question posed by client business:Does your supplier diversity program apply to all your suppliers globally? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street, Inc. has a supplier diversity program in place that applies to all suppliers globally.
Question posed by client business:Do you have a supplier diversity program in place or other actions designed to advance diversity in the supply chain? Response to customer question:Rimini Street has operational processes to promote inclusion, sourcing to diverse suppliers to work with businesses owned by  women, minorities and other vulnerable groups in the supply chain both locally and globally. 
Question posed by client business:How many active clients does Rimini Street support globally? Response to customer question:Not Applicable As of September 30, 2022, we supported over 3,000 active clients globally, including 75 Fortune, 500 companies and 16 Fortune Global 100 companies across a broad range of industries. We define an active client as a distinct entity, such as a company, an educational or government institution, or a business unit of a company that purchases our services to support a specific product. For example, we count as two separate active client instances in circumstances where we provide support for two different products to the same entity. 
Question posed by client business:What is the size of your organization? Response to customer question:Not Applicable As of September 30, 2022, we employed over 1,870 professionals globally. 
Question posed by client business:What types of data subjects are processed by Rimini Street services? Response to customer question:Not Applicable The Parties contemplate that the Data Subjects will only include Client employees, contractors and authorized agents. 
Question posed by client business:Does your organization ensure that information systems used to process, access, maintain, transmit, receive and/or store Client Data are adequately protected from viruses and malware on servers, workstations, laptops, mobile devices? Response to customer question:Client environment data is not downloaded or stored.  Multiple measures are deployed to protect systems and infrastructure, including AV (SCEP), encryption (various), email protection (Proofpoint), Bluecoat, PA Next Gen firewalls, Group policy, Beyond Trust secure remote access, and virtualized environments.
Question posed by client business:What is the password policy? Response to customer question:Rimini Street has a dedicated password policy that mandates the use of complex passwords (with a mix of upper and lower case, special characters, and number), forces frequent password changes, and does not allow the reuse of passwords within 24 expirations.  Users are required to use a minimum of 12 characters, there is lockout after 5 invalid attempts, password cannot be reused for 24 resets. Resets are managed through the Rimini Street help desk. Screensavers activate and lock out users after 30 minutes of inactivity.
Question posed by client business:Please explain how data, including client data, is classified. Response to customer question:Information is classified in accordance with our ISO 27001:2013 certified data handling and classification policy, with varying levels of sensitivity based upon content.  Note that client environment data remains in the client environment, Client data is classified at the highest tier of sensitivity, which would apply also to support communications.
Question posed by client business:Any additional locations where Scoped Systems and Data is stored? Response to customer question:The Information Security Management System that supports the Global provisioning of third-party software maintenance services in its Headquarters at Las Vegas, NV, Operations centers at Pleasanton, CA ,Tokyo, Japan, Hyderabad &amp; Bengaluru, India, London, UK and two co-hosted Data centers in Las Vegas, NV and Fremont, CA.  In addition, offices for sales and service delivery exist in these locations:  Pleasanton, CA   Sales & Service Delivery (Operations) Tokyo, JP             Sales & Support (Operations) Hyderabad, IN    Sales & Service Delivery (Operations) Bengaluru, IN      Service Delivery (Operations) London, UK         Sales & Support (Operations) 
Question posed by client business:Please describe how are privacy risks assessed for the solutions/services/products you will provide to RSM Response to customer question:Rimini Street services are assessed in terms of the likelihood and severity of risks posed to privacy rights and safety of data subjects to whom the personal data relates.  With respect to client environment data, Rimini Street has no insight into the contents of client databases and therefore treats all client data as extremely sensitive.  Privacy impact assessments are required by policy and standard operating procedures and are conducted on processing operations that pose a risk to privacy rights, including client-facing services.
Question posed by client business:What actions are in place regarding the integration of social or environmental factors within procurement? Response to customer question:This Supplier Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the ?Supplier Code?) outlines Rimini Street?s standards and expectations with respect to business conduct while you work with or on behalf of Rimini Street. It is required that directors, officers, employees, representatives, and business partners understand and comply with the expectations set forth in this Supplier Code.
Question posed by client business:Does your company have a formal policy covering any of the topics below (please select from the options provided)? Response to customer question:We earn trust through consistent, reliable and high-quality execution. Suppliers must comply with all applicable laws governing wages, benefits, and working hour requirements, including compensation, benefits, and overtime. Accurate written records of employees? regular and overtime hours should be maintained.
Question posed by client business:Describe your entity's GHG reporting practices. Response to customer question:We respond to CDP
Question posed by client business:Describe your entity's progress towards GHG reduction targets. Response to customer question:No review
Question posed by client business:What is the scope of the GHG emissions monitoring in your entity? Response to customer question:No GHG emissions monitoring at this time.
Question posed by client business:Describe your entity's GHG emissions inventory Response to customer question:No GHG inventory at this time. 
Question posed by client business:How does your entity's management structure facilitate GHG emissions reduction? Response to customer question:GHG emissions reduction is not embedded in the management structure  at this time.
Question posed by client business:Describe your entity's plan to achieve GHG reductions. Response to customer question:No action plan at this time. 
Question posed by client business:Has your company obtained any environmental management system certification? Response to customer question:No.
"Please report on the following KPIs regarding energy consumption & GHGs:  Reporting year  Total Scope 1 GHG emissions in metrics tons CO2e  Total Scope 2 GHG emissions in metrics tons CO2e  Total gross Scope 3 GHG emissions  Total gross Scope 3 Upstream GHG emissions  Total gross Scope 3 Downstream  GHG emissions Response to customer question:Not Applicable Not monitored at this moment. 
"Please report on the following environmental KPIs: Total renewable energy consumption  Total energy consumption in MWh  Total weight of waste in tons  Total weight of waste recovered Response to customer question:Not Applicable Not monitored at the moment. 
"On which of the following topics does your company report Key Performance Indicators (KPIs): Energy Consumption & GHG's  Material Consumption & Waste management  Environmental Service & Advocacy Response to customer question:Not Applicable Not monitored at this moment. 
Question posed by client business:Is your company a respondent to CDP's Climate Change Questionnaire? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Please identify the coverage (in %) of your company's actions throughout all company operations. Response to customer question:Throughout every Rimini Street office, there are programs in place to foster environmental actions of recycling, reducing waste, reducing energy consumption.     Rimini Street conserves electricity through reduced waste and energy efficient lighting and HVAC systems, locates offices within buildings that achieve green building standards such as the United States Green Building Counsel?s (USGBC) Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) program or other equivalent standards, and procures energy-efficient IT equipment, including products carrying reputable certifications or labels such as Energy Star or EPEAT whenever feasible and practical.
Question posed by client business:Describe your entity's GHG reduction targets. Response to customer question:No formal targets.
Question posed by client business:What actions are in place regarding waste management? Response to customer question:As an international company that operates, employs colleagues and serves clients in many countries and markets, Rimini Street, will implement sustainability principles appropriate for such countries and markets.  Whenever feasible and practical, Rimini Street makes efforts to reduce waste generated from our office activities according to the principles of ?Reduce / Reuse / Recycle? and, wherever feasible and practical, make recycling containers available  Rimini Street purchases sustainable office products, including products containing recycled content, that are biodegradable/recyclable, have reduced chemical content or carry recognized reputable environmental certifications.
Question posed by client business:What actions are in place regarding the reduction of energy consumption and the emissions of GHG? Response to customer question:Whenever feasible and practical, Rimini Street conserves electricity through reduced waste, energy efficient lighting and HVAC systems. Rimini Street procures energy-efficient IT equipment, including products carrying reputable certifications or labels such as Energy Star or EPEAT.
Question posed by client business:Does your company have a formalized environmental policy? (for suppliers environmental issues, see section SUSTAINABLE PROCUREMENT) Response to customer question:At Rimini Street, Inc., we believe that environmental sustainability is part of our corporate social responsibility. It is our goal to reduce our impact on the environment by conducting environmentally friendly, professional and safe operations. This includes conserving resources, reducing waste, and periodically assessing our operations to identify additional opportunities to further improve environmental sustainability.  Rimini Street conserves electricity through reduced waste and energy efficient lighting and HVAC systems, locates offices within buildings that achieve green building standards such as the United States Green Building Counsel?s (USGBC) Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) program or other equivalent standards, and procures energy-efficient IT equipment, including products carrying reputable certifications or labels such as Energy Star or EPEAT whenever feasible and practical.
Question posed by client business:What actions are in place to promote diversity, equity & inclusion? Response to customer question:As a global company, Rimini Street takes actions to prevent discrimination during the recruitment phase. We believe that diversity contributes to the success of our business. RSI values the unique contributions of individuals with varied backgrounds and experiences, and we believe an inclusive culture allows our employees to contribute their best. We also strive to attract, develop and retain a workforce that is as diverse as the clients and the markets we serve, and to ensure an inclusive work environment that embraces the strength of our differences.     Rimini Street must also ensure that our workplace is free from all forms of harassment. While the definition of harassment may vary from one country to another, Rimini Street considers harassment to be any unwelcome conduct that has the purpose or effect of creating an intimidating, offensive or hostile work environment.  Regardless of the form it takes, discrimination and harassment negatively affect individual work performance and our workplace as a whole, and will not be tolerated. If employees experience or become aware of an act of discrimination or harassment, they have a duty to report it.     Rimini Street is committed to protecting the rights of those individuals who report issues in good faith either through one of the reporting means described in the Code or to government authorities. Whistleblower procedure on discrimination and/or harassment issues can be reported through Rimini Streets Compliance Helpline, available anywhere in the world:  By phone using a special toll-free telephone number based on the country from which you are calling. In the United States call 844-754-3342. For a list of international country phone numbers, see the Compliance Helpline section of our corporate website. By web available at  https://riministreet.i-sight.com/portal    Support for minorities/vulnerable groups includes creating  a welcoming environment for LGBTQI+ employees. Our company launched a RMNI Pride logo accompanying financial aid to a charitable organization that educates corporations to develop an inclusive space for LGBTQI+ colleagues.     Additionally, RMNI GRIT ? November 2021 marked the launch of TEAM GRIT in support of Rimini Street         veteran employees and their families. The goal of TEAM GRIT is to provide (i) our veteran employees a place to collaborate and support one another, (ii) insight for nonveterans in the Rimini Street family to understand the valuable assets veterans bring  to the Rimini Street team, (iii) clarity and understanding of the military experience and (iv) a mentoring  platform to help veteran employees transition into their Rimini career. Rimini Street continues to develop other actions to promote the inclusion of minority/vulnerable groups in the workplace.
Question posed by client business:Is a Secure Code Review performed regularly?  Response to customer question:Not Applicable-
Question posed by client business:Are Windows servers used as part of the Scoped Services?  Response to customer question:Yes-
Question posed by client business:Are there policies and procedures to ensure compliance with applicable legislative, regulatory and contractual requirements?  Response to customer question:Yes-
Question posed by client business:Are software applications provided?  Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street does not develop, distribute or host software.
Question posed by client business:Do you have any implementation of quarantine measure in which a non-compliant PC, will be rejected from connecting to the company network? Response to customer question:Yes-
Question posed by client business:Documentation regarding policies, procedures or guidelines on the definition and implementation of standard contractual provisions, data processing agreements, subcontractor terms and conditions and governance processes for entities involved in the delivery of services. Documentation should include any external audit reports specific to the services provided (e.g., SCA, SOC1, SOC 2, SOC 3) Response to customer question:Summary documentation is available upon request.
Question posed by client business:Is there an individual or group with responsibility for security initiatives that includes defining the policy, ensuring implementation and checking for compliance within the organization? Please provide details and select the responsibilities of the individual / group. Please select all that apply. Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street has a dedicated Security function that is responsible for defining security policies, ensuring implementation and checking for compliance.
Question posed by client business:Do you process or use client personal data or personal information in the performance of the services? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street does not process personal data/information as a service, however, Rimini Street must process support communications about the services. This is the business contact information and information related to your employees who direct our services that we term support communications. This information is not sensitive under any country's definition of sensitive information as is necessary for communication and management of the services. Support communications includes employee, contractor and authorized agent name, company, title, business email address, business address, time zone, language preference, office location or any personal data intentionally attached or shared with Rimini Street as part of a support request by Client. Support communications does not include client environment data. 
Question posed by client business:What actions are in place regarding training and career management? Response to customer question:Rimini Street has a transparent recruitment process, communicated clearly and formally to all candidates. RSI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender or gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic.     Regular assessment of individual performance is conducted at least once a year, which includes setting of individual development and career plan for all employees and official measures promoting career mobility.     As a key aspect of our success, we believe our culture enables us to recruit and retain high quality talent. In addition, we strive to offer compensation, bonus and benefit programs appropriate for proven top-performing professionals. To ensure alignment with our short- and long-term objectives, our compensation programs for all employees include base pay, short-term incentives, and opportunities for long-term incentives. Furthermore, we believe our remote delivery model provides an attractive employment option for our highly experienced PSEs compared to consulting roles that can require significant travel and also reduces our carbon footprint, consistent with our interest in supporting environmental sustainability. Further, we offer programs and resources designed to support the mental, physical, social and financial well-being of our employees. In addition to resources available through our health care plan providers, we provide voluntary web-based training, using a videoconference platform, on health and wellness topics (such as first aid/CPR, fire safety, and how to prepare for inclement weather conditions), as well as professional development seminars on topics such as time management and leadership skills.     Rimini Street has documented, official measures to minimize layoffs and mitigate associated negative impacts by providing employees with adequate notice in advance of a layoff and/or providing guidance, assistance and support to maximize their prospects for reemployment.
Question posed by client business:When performing remote support services, be aware of eavesdropping or people looking at screens. Response to customer question: Rimini Street Personnel shall not request, facilitate or encourage transmission of confidential client production data (for example, PII, personally identifiable information), to any Rimini Street Computing Resources or via any mechanisms, or use such data, unless and to the extent the client provides such data to Rimini Street to resolve the client?s particular request for support and only after the Rimini Street Personnel first reports such data to Global Security.
Question posed by client business:When performing remote support services, prohibit the taking of screenshots or pictures or recording using digital cameras, smartphones, etc. (to prevent leakage of information from photography or recording). Response to customer question:Rimini Street trains its personnel to follow its policies that do not permit the use of unauthorized systems or equipment in the provision of services. Personal cell phones and other unauthorized devices are prohibited except as expressly permitted by the client.
Question posed by client business:For issues that can only be reproduced in production environments, and it is determined that access to the production environment is necessary, in order to prevent the unauthorized disclosure of information due to photography or recording of production data, the remote support team will use Teams webconferencing with the camera function on and will monitor the activities of the engineers. The webconferences, including shared screens, will be recorded. Response to customer question:Rimini Street can permit live monitoring if deemed necessary by the client at the expense of the client, however, recording poses an unnecessary risk to employee privacy unless the client will agree to contractual terms to protect the privacy rights of Rimini Street employees and protect Rimini Street's compliance with global privacy laws.
Question posed by client business:What actions are in place regarding working conditions? Response to customer question:Rimini Street offers interactive communication sessions with employees regarding working conditions. The Company earned the designation of Great Place to Work-Certified? in Australia, New Zealand, and the US. Last year, Rimini Street was certified in India, Korea, and the UK. Great Place to Work is an internationally recognized benchmark certification for organizations that go above and beyond to provide an exceptional employee experience. https://www.riministreet.com/press-releases/earns-additional-great-place-to-work-certifications-in-us-australia-and-new-zealand/  RSI has also implemented Family Friendly programs (FFP's) such as our minimum 4 weeks of fully paid parental leave for all Rimini Parents welcoming their new babies by birth or adoption. We offer premium healthcare benefits which include Dependent Care FSA for daycare expenses for children age 13 and under, or for elder dependents unable to care for themselves. Rimini Street also offers flexible and remote work, including every Friday off during the month of July and August for Rimini Street's annual""Fabulous Friday"" recharge program.  https://www.riministreet.com/company/careers/ Rimini Street provides additional incentives to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of substantial responsibility; to provide additional incentive to Employees, Directors and Consultants; and to promote the success of the Company?s business. The Plan permits the grant of Incentive Stock Options, Non-statutory Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Units and Performance Shares. Bonus scheme related to company performance can be found in the 2022 Proxy Statement (filed with the SEC on 4.29.22), p. 29-31, describes Rimini Street Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation.  As a key aspect of our success, we believe our culture enables us to recruit and retain high quality talent. In addition, we strive to offer compensation, bonus and benefit programs appropriate for proven top-performing professionals. To ensure alignment with our short- and long-term objectives, our compensation programs for all employees include base pay, short-term incentives, and opportunities for long-term incentives. Furthermore, we believe our remote delivery model provides an attractive employment option for our highly experienced PSE's compared to consulting roles that can require significant travel and also reduces our carbon footprint, consistent with our interest in supporting environmental sustainability. Further, we offer programs and resources designed to support the mental, physical, social and financial well-being of our employees. In addition to resources available through our health care plan providers, we provide voluntary web-based training, using a videoconference platform, on health and wellness topics (such as first aid/CPR, fire safety, and how to prepare for inclement weather conditions), as well as professional development seminars on topics such as time management and leadership skills.
Question posed by client business:Documentation regarding the organization's process for handling privacy inquiries, complaints or disputes from individuals; and any publicly available privacy regulator complaints, findings or court ruling(s) concerning privacy. Response to customer question:Summary documentation is available upon request.
Question posed by client business:Is a remote access encrypted into the environment? Response to customer question:Yes-
Question posed by client business:Documentation regarding the deployment of firewalls or devices to protect the organization from outside entities, including a network diagram of the target systems or applications. Response to customer question:Summary documentation is available upon request.
Question posed by client business:If e-mail is used for Client's data sending, the Client's data are encrypted? Response to customer question:Yes. Email encryption for communications is an option available to clients should they require it.
Question posed by client business:Are Information security requirements specified and implemented when new systems are introduced, upgraded, or enhanced?  Response to customer question:Yes-
Question posed by client business:Is regulated or confidential Scoped Data stored electronically?   Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street uses cloud-based file storage providers for internal business applications.  Such providers are verified in strict compliance with third party/vendor risk management processes, vetted in accordance with legal and appropriate security standards and subject to required contractual terms.
Question posed by client business:Are Constituents able to view client's unencrypted Data?  Response to customer question:Yes. Constituents can view support tickets, business profile information and contact information necessary for the delivery of support services.  Constituents cannot view Data within a client's network environment.
Question posed by client business:Do the Scoped Systems and Data reside in a data center? Response to customer question:Yes. All services are delivered from a secured colocation facility in Las Vegas,?NV owned by Switch. The DR facility is a colocation center in Fremont, California owned by XO Communications. All Rimini Street infrastructure is fully secured and protected as mandated by the Rimini Street ISMS.
Question posed by client business:Is there a process to request and receive approval for access to systems transmitting, processing or storing Scoped Systems and Data? Response to customer question:Yes-
Question posed by client business:If yes, please provide a list of countries. Response to customer question:Please review our Privacy Information and Subprocessor List document, which lists all country locations.
Question posed by client business:Documentation that describes the policies and procedures of the data privacy or data protection program including identification of the organizational responsibility, reporting structures and scope of accountabilities for the privacy program Response to customer question:Summary documentation is available upon request.
Question posed by client business:Has your company obtained any labor and human rights management system certification? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:What actions are in place regarding employee health and safety? Response to customer question:Rimini Street is committed to maintaining the health and safety of our employees, business partners, visitors, contractors, clients, and communities. Our health and safety policies and procedures are designed to help employees to work safely. Acts or threats of violence interfere with our commitment to health and safety and will not be tolerated. Threatening behavior, even if made in a seemingly joking manner, must be reported immediately. Drugs and alcohol in the workplace affect everyone?s safety. Employees may not possess, distribute or be under the influence of illicit drugs while on RSI premises or when conducting Company business. In addition, employees must always conduct themselves in accordance with all applicable Rimini Street policies, especially with respect to the possession or use of alcohol, prescription drugs and other controlled substances. Each year, Rimini Street distributes the Code to its employees and conducts annual online training. Employees and our Board of Directors are required to acknowledge that they?ve read and understand the Code. They must also certify their compliance with the Code and disclose any potential conflict of interest or any other possible exception to compliance with the Code. Rimini Street does not manufacture in the traditional sense with the use of factories. Accordingly, Rimini Street employees are not exposed to health and safety hazards typical of companies in traditional manufacturing sectors that require the provision of protective equipment to ensure employee health and safety. However, we are committed to the prevention of workplace injuries and illnesses, and to compliance with applicable laws and company policies related to employee health and safety. Suppliers must also comply with applicable health and safety laws and regulations and promote safe and healthy workplaces to reduce the risk of accidents, injuries, and exposure. We encourage Suppliers to implement and have in place a performance monitoring program to account for aspects of their health and safety programs.
Question posed by client business:Does your company have a policy regarding labor practices or human rights issues ? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street is committed to maintaining the health and safety of our employees, business partners, visitors, contractors, clients, and communities. Our policies and procedures are designed to help employees work safely. RSI recognizes the importance of maintaining and promoting fundamental human rights in our operations around the world. We implement and maintain programs and policies that provide humane and safe working conditions, including safe housing conditions, where applicable, fair, and equitable wages, benefits, and other conditions of employment in accordance with local laws. RSI recognizes employees? right to freedom of association and collective bargaining.  Rimini Street aims to promote continuous improvement in its operations and acknowledges its responsibility to ensure that workers within its supply chain are not being exploited, and that appropriate health and safety, employment, and human rights laws are complied with in addition to international standards.  Please refer to our CoBC and SCoB found on our website under Corporate Governance: https://investors.riministreet.com/corporate-governance/documents-charters#ir   A copy of the RMNI Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement is available on our website through the following link: https://www.riministreet.com/modern-slavery-act-statement/ 
Question posed by client business: Are controls in place to properly segregate client scoped PII from other client's or vendors own data, i.e., no commingling of PII? Response to customer question:Yes The services are designed so that client environmental data remains in the client environment and physical and organizational controls prevent its collection and processing. With respect to support communications, which contains lower sensitivity PII sufficient to identify business information about services requestors, such PII is logically segregated and associated with client records.
Question posed by client business:Does your organization actively monitor IoT risk? If yes, what are the criteria based on which IoT (Internet of Things) risk is assessed and monitored? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street actively monitors IoT risk (among other aspects of network security) and assesses risk based upon the likelihood and severity of risks posed by such devices.
Question posed by client business:Are clients allowed to manage access to their own systems and data? Response to customer question:Yes. Client systems and data always remain under the management and control of client.
Question posed by client business:What are the policy and procedures for Backup and Restore (Rimini Street) Response to customer question:Rimini Street follows the ISO27001 Annex A controls and guidelines for back-ups and restorations of all applicable systems.
Question posed by client business:Backup site physical address Response to customer question:The disaster recovery model at Rimini Street mandates the replication of key systems and services to a disaster recovery site on the opposite coast of the United States from our primary data center. In the event of a natural disaster we have the ability ?switch over? to our backup location to provide all of the necessary services required to continue providing communication services for personnel, supporting our customers, and enabling business operations. The two locations are: Switch (data center), 7135 S Decatur Blvd., Las Vegas, NV 89118 and XO Communications (data center), 855 Mission Ct building 1, Fremont, CA 94539
Question posed by client business:Data management or data governance policies, standards, procedures or guidelines that address how the organization manages the collection, use, disclosure or retention of the target data based on its contractual obligations Response to customer question:Summary documentation is available upon request.
Question posed by client business:How frequently are internal audits on IS and processes performed? Response to customer question:RSI continually monitors key metrics, performs monthly, quarterly, semi-annual and annual audits where appropriate and performs frequent spot checks on all key systems and controls.
Question posed by client business:Is there a Business Continuity plan? Response to customer question:Yes. However, Rimini Street is not a critical business application and contractually agrees to an extremely competitive SLA (10-minute response time, 365/7/24).  Rimini Street's business continuity plan and disaster recovery plan have little impact upon clients. 
Question posed by client business:Is there an option for clients to manage their own encryption keys? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street only stores the client data that has been intentionally shared or sent to Rimini Street as part of a support ticket or other communication.  The rest of client data remains in the client environment, subject to the client's encryption processes and keys.
Question posed by client business:Have you tested your business continuity plan?  When was the last business continuity test performed? Response to customer question:Yes. Most recent BC/DR test conducted in March 2021
Question posed by client business:Do you have a Disaster Recovery / Business Continuity Plan Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street is not a continuous SaaS provider and contractually agrees to an extremely competitive SLA (10-minute response time, 365/7/24).  Rimini Street's business continuity plan and disaster recovery plan have little impact upon clients.  That said, our Business Continuity Plan is one of the processes fully implemented in our ISO27001 Information Security Management System.  The disaster recovery model at Rimini Street mandates the replication of key systems and services to a DR site across the United States from our primary data center. In the event of a natural disaster we have the ability ?switch over? to our backup location to provide all of the necessary services required to continue providing communication services for personnel, supporting our customers, and enabling business operations.  Business Continuity plan is tested at least once annually.  Components of the Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity plans are reviewed periodically.
Question posed by client business:Describe the business continuity capabilities that will allow the desired client services to continue within a mutually agreed upon time frame.  Include the minimum time frame to which supplier can commit.  Also, note the client sponsor with whom the negotiation occurred. Response to customer question:The order in which network and communications services are enabled at the DR site are periodically reviewed and validated by the business to ensure that systems required to provide customer service operations are restored and available in a manner that meets all the needs of our operation.
Question posed by client business:Describe how and how often the business continuity plans are tested each year.  The response should confirm that the supplier is willing to commit to at least one successful test per year for each plan.  Include copies of recent test results for both business continuity and disaster recovery plans.  Address whether the supplier would allow client to request and review copies of test documentation. Response to customer question:Rimini Street is not a continuous SaaS provider and contractually agrees to an extremely competitive SLA (10-minute response time, 365/7/24).  Rimini Street's business continuity plan and disaster recovery plan have little impact upon clients. That said, Business Continuity plan is tested at least once annually.  Components of the Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity plans are reviewed periodically.
Question posed by client business:Do you have a business continuity plan; please describe in detail your business continuity plan Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street is not a continuous SaaS provider and contractually agrees to an extremely competitive SLA (10-minute response time, 365/7/24).  Rimini Street's business continuity plan and disaster recovery plan have little impact upon clients. That said, Rimini Street?s Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Program (BC/DR) is inclusive of the processes fully implemented in our ISO 27001 Information Security Management System (ISMS) certification. The objective of Rimini Street?s BC/DR Program is to ensure that Rimini Street employees always have the ability to continue operations and provide the high levels of services expected by our clients, unimpeded from any disaster, planned, or unforeseen event. A key component to our business continuity strategy is that the Rimini Street workforce is distributed globally, minimizing the impact of any event on the delivery of services to clients. The Disaster Recovery (DR) model at Rimini Street mandates the replication of key systems and services to a DR site across the United States from our primary data center location in Las Vegas, Nevada. In the event of a natural disaster, Rimini Street has the ability ?switch over? to our backup location in Fremont, California to provide all of the necessary services required to continue providing communication services for personnel supporting our clients and enabling business operations. Rimini Street?s Business Continuity Plan is tested at minimum annually. Components of the Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity plans are reviewed periodically.
Question posed by client business:Describe the minimum advance notice client would receive for any changes made to supplier's business continuity plans. Response to customer question:Rimini Street is not a continuous SaaS provider and contractually agrees to an extremely competitive SLA (10-minute response time, 365/7/24).  Rimini Street's business continuity plan and disaster recovery plan have little impact upon clients. Rimini Street does not disclose or notify of updates to its Business Continuity Plan or Disaster Recovery Plan as these are confidential internal documents.
Question posed by client business:Do you prohibit the use of portable storage devices (e.g. USB) when they are unauthorized? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street uses DLP (Device Loss Protection) to monitor USB and other portable devices.  We use Thycotic Privilege Manager to restrict installation of software and our SOC monitors for installation of USBs.
Question posed by client business:Please describe what powers (and extent of such powers) United States national public authorities have to require (and obtain) personal data from private companies (including personal data transferred from EU/EEA).  Does the legislation in your country grant access by national public authorities to personal data transferred from the EU to your country for national security purposes. Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street is subject to 50 U.S.C. ? 1881a (FISA 702), Executive Order 12.333, the provisions of the Cloud Act, and the PATRIOT ACT as well as court decisions under same, which describe circumstances under which government surveillance may be performed in the United States.  Rimini Street is committed to complying with all laws applicable to it, which would, in theory require Rimini Street to lawfully respond to a governmental request seeking information belonging to or proprietary to a client.  Although the receipt of such a request would be unlikely Rimini Street has prepared for such possibility by designing a business model that does not require  it to store, possess, or otherwise process any data that would be of interest in governmental request or surveillance seeking relevant information belonging to a client.  Rimini Street has not received and would not expect to receive a governmental request under national security law (such as FISA 702 or EO 12.333) for support communications and would not have any client environment data in its possession.
Question posed by client business:What actions are in place regarding social dialogue? Response to customer question:No.ne of our U.S. based employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. Certain of our non-U.S. based employees are members of unions, works councils, trade associations or are otherwise subject to collective bargaining agreements in particular jurisdictions, as required by local labor laws. We have not experienced any work stoppages, and we consider our relations with our employees to be very good.  Reference: RMNI - 2021 Annual Report on Form 10- K filed with the SEC (03.02.22), page 11 
Question posed by client business:Does your company have a formalized environmental policy? ? (for suppliers environmental issues, see section SUSTAINABLE PROCUREMENT) Response to customer question:Yes(pending response - Kerri / Nataly)
Question posed by client business:Regarding Labor and Human Rights topics of your company's management system, please indicate any CSR-related external recognition obtained by your company within the last five years, such as CSR-related awards, or listing in CSR rankings or indexes. Response to customer question:In September 2022, Rimini Street earned the designation of""Great Place to Work-Certified?"" in Australia, New Zealand, and the US. In 2021, Rimini Street was certified in India, Korea, and the UK. Great Place to Work is an internationally recognized benchmark certification for organizations that go above and beyond to provide an exceptional employee experience. The certification is achieved by distributing a third-party survey which has to be completed each year for re-certification. The survey is sent to employees in a geographic area to measure employees? satisfaction with their employer. The data is used in combination with an internal audit of an organization?s culture reported in an extensive culture brief.  Great Place to Work organizations, the global authority on workplace culture, employee experience, and leadership behaviors, are proven to deliver market-leading revenue, employee retention, and increased innovation.
Question posed by client business:Does the Staff receive CERT, Microsoft and other security advisory notifications? Response to customer question:Yes. Received by the Information Security Architect and the VP of Global Security Risk and Compliance.
Question posed by client business:Is there a set of information security policies that have been approved by management, published and communicated to constituents? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street has documented extensive security and compliance policies and controls. These policies and controls have been incorporated into the ISO 9001 quality management system that Rimini Street has built, and are based on ISO 27001 principles. Oversight and internal auditing is provided by its award-winning Global Security and Compliance organization.
Question posed by client business:Is there an established business resiliency program that has been approved by management, communicated to appropriate constituents, and an owner to maintain and review the program? Response to customer question:Yes. The objective behind the Rimini Street Business Continuity Plan, and Disaster Recovery program, is to ensure that Rimini Street employees always have the ability to continue operations and provide the high levels of service expected by our clients, unimpeded from any disaster, planned, or unforeseen events.
Question posed by client business:Does the Wireless Security Policy require wireless connections to be secured with WPA2, and encrypted using AES or CCMP? Response to customer question:Yes-
Question posed by client business:Identification and authentication, access control, access authority management, and access records are implemented for access to personal information. Response to customer question:Yes. Appropriate access controls in light of the sensitivity of personal data are implemented as required by ISO 27001:2013 and APEC CBPR certification standards as as required by applicable law.
Question posed by client business:Do Subcontractors (e.g., backup vendors, service providers, equipment support maintenance, software maintenance vendors, data recovery vendors, hosting providers, etc.) have access to scoped systems and data or processing facilities?  Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street utilizes the following subcontractors for purposes of the services, as follows:?Salesforce, Inc. -??Services contact relationship and support ticket management. Ingeniux-??Services content management system for Street Central.?ServiceNow - Services contact relationship and support ticket management and services content management.?BeyondTrust (formerly Bomgar) - Secured application for encrypted remote access to client-provided endpoints.??Snowflake, Inc. - Services Support Communications Data Retention and Rimini Street Data Warehousing.?FiveTran, Inc. - Services data transport mechanisms and connectors for moving Support Communications data onto the RSI Snowflake instance.??On-Demand Contractors - On-Demand Contractors enable follow-the-sun support across global time zones and allow Rimini Street to meet its outstanding SLAs.?They are subject to the contractual obligations of confidentiality and appropriate data protection training similarly to Rimini Street?s full-time employees.
Question posed by client business:How recent would the data be if restored in the event of a disaster (Recovery Point Objective (RPO))? Response to customer question:Yes4 hours
Question posed by client business:What is the Recovery Point Objective (RPO) of the products or services covered within the scope of this questionnaire? Response to customer question:Recovery Time Objectives / Recovery Point Objectives are defined by our business not ISO, and are determined by criticality / priority of our operations.  Generally our RPO is 4 hours. Rimini Street essentially runs a live/live capability across our data centers so should not go down for any prolonged period of time, we also test frequently to identify issues.
Question posed by client business:Does your company configure access controls to automatically disable user accounts or access privileges after a period of non-use? Response to customer question:Yes. Consistent with ISO 27001:2013 standards, Rimini Street utilizes timeout features of systems to disable access after a period of non-use.  Workstation laptops timeout and lock after 30 minutes.
Question posed by client business:Describe the physical and environmental controls in place for each location where client Sensitive Information is processed or stored? Response to customer question:RSI will not host client production/environment data, but does utilize the technologies and techniques where applicable. Physical Access controls include: ID badges required; Surveillance cameras; Computer, media storage and telecom room access is secured and restricted; Cables and network ports are protected from unauthorized access; Disposal of computer systems and media storage devices is handled in a secure fashion.
Question posed by client business:Do Human Resource policies include Constituent background screening criteria?   Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street has a formalized HR Recruiting and Onboarding process during which background checks are conducted on all employees and subcontractors.
Question posed by client business:Does Rimini Street have a disciplinary process to ensure that any intentional misuse of information is managed for employees or sub contractors?  Response to customer question:Yes. Employees are prohibited from the unauthorized use or disclosure of any nonpublic information relating to Rimini Street, or other companies that is acquired in the course of service with the company. All such nonpublic information may only be used for legitimate Rimini Street business purposes and in accordance with the terms of any relevant nondisclosure agreements. Employees are also strictly prohibited from misusing any material nonpublic information in securities trading, whether in securities of Rimini Street or of other companies, such as the company?s customers, vendors, collaborators and competitors. This prohibition extends to immediate family members, your dependents, and to others with whom you share a household, as well as any other persons or entities over whose securities transactions you have influence over or control. Failure to comply with these provisions may result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
Question posed by client business:Will you be sending email or other communications on behalf of clients or customers within the scope of services? Response to customer question:No.Rimini Streets services do not include sending or receiving communications on behalf of clients or customers.
Question posed by client business:Does your company report Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)? Response to customer question:Yes. Child Labor, Forced Labor and Human Trafficking. This information can be found in Rimini Street, Inc. Modern Slavery Act Statement ( Policy/Code of conduct)  Modern Slavery Act Statement - Rimini Street https://www.riministreet.com/modern-slavery-act-statement/
Question posed by client business:Please identify the coverage of your company's actions throughout all company operations/workforce. Response to customer question:Rimini Street has a formalized performance and career growth program within its geographic regions, management trained on the implementation of this program. RSI also offers growth and development training internally via our Learning Management System (LMS). Per role at the company, continuing education may be a mandatory requirement (i.e. Legal, Client Support). All employees are communicated via our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, but we also push a corporate training on this topic via our LMS to all employees.
Question posed by client business:Do workers have the right to join labor unions, workers? councils, or other collective bargaining organizations? Response to customer question:Yes, the right to join labor unions, workers' councils, or other collective bargaining organizations is granted.
Question posed by client business:Are scoped systems or data stored or transferred in cloud-based public file sharing solutions? If yes, please explain in the Additional Information field. Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street uses cloud-based file storage providers for internal business applications.  Such providers are verified in strict compliance with third party/vendor risk management processes, vetted in accordance with legal and appropriate security standards and subject to required contractual terms.
Question posed by client business:Is regulated or confidential Scoped Data stored in a database? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street uses cloud-based applications for business purposes, including email and support ticketing.  Such providers are verified in strict compliance with third party/vendor risk management processes, vetted in accordance with legal and appropriate security standards and subject to required contractual terms.
Question posed by client business:Which of the following measures (working conditions) have been implemented throughout your entire scope of operations? Response to customer question:Rimini Street grants special remuneration / time off for overtime worked and paid annual vacation.  Employees also receive 24 hours rest within a time frame of 7 consecutive days and paid statutory minimum wages. RSI also offers Friday's off from work during the months of July - December, 2022.
Question posed by client business:Does your company health & safety policy also cover activities carried out by your subcontractors? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street expects all suppliers, consultants, contractors and other service providers who work with or on behalf of our Company to act ethically and in a manner consistent with the standards set forth in our Supplier Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. We are committed to maintaining the health and safety of our employees, business partners, visitors, contractors, clients, and communities. Our health and safety policies and procedures are designed to help all employees work safely.
Question posed by client business:Has your company been audited on-site with regards to CSR issues (e.g. Environment, Labor Practices & Human Rights, Business Ethics), on at least 1 of your company's locations? If yes, please upload on-site audit report and it must be within 2 years of today, contain a list of non-compliances identified (if any), contain Corrective Action Plan, and issued by a 3rd party auditor. Response to customer question:No on- site audit regarding CSR issues performed
Question posed by client business:Is the flow of sensitive information secured between interconnected systems? Explain (firewall rule sets, iptables, proxies, encrypted tunnels, etc.)    Response to customer question:Yes-
Question posed by client business:Do you control CUI posted or processed on publicly accessible systems?     Response to customer question:Yes-
Question posed by client business:Do you authenticate (or verify) the identities of users, processes, or devices, as a prerequisite to allowing access to organizational systems?     Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street utilizes unique user IDs to access all company systems and devices. Authentication controls like two-factor and certificates are in place for remote access. VPN users are required to have personal firewalls and are restricted from accessing Internet using split tunneling. Mobile devices like laptops have hard disk encryption enabled. All VPN users utilize Rimini Street provided and centrally managed computers with disk encryption.
Question posed by client business:Do use multifactor authentication for local and network access to privileged accounts and for network access to non-privileged accounts?    Response to customer question:Yes. Multifactor authentication is used for access to privileged accounts and for network access.
Question posed by client business:Do you employ replay-resistant authentication mechanisms for network access to privileged and non- privileged accounts.    Response to customer question:Yes. Authentication mechanisms have limitations on attempts and frequency limitations so that they are replay-resistant.
Question posed by client business:Does the application or system prevent reuse of user or device identifiers?    Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street systems do not permit reuse of user identifiers by multiple users.
Question posed by client business:Do you prohibit password reuse for a specified number of generations.    Response to customer question:Yes. Old passwords may not be reused.
Question posed by client business:Do you allow temporary password use for system logons with an immediate change to a permanent password?    Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street Active Directory allows temporary access upon first time login, followed by the immediate requirement to set a password.
Question posed by client business:Do you store and transmit only cryptographically-protected passwords?     Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street does not store passwords in clear text.  In addition, credentials to access client environments are stored in an encrypted password management solution called Thycotic Secret Server.
Question posed by client business:Do you obscure feedback of authentication information.    Response to customer question:Yes. Appropriate implementation of authentication mechanism do not permit feedback messages to present an attack surface.
Question posed by client business:Does your company report on quantitative indicators on CSR topics? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you track, document, and report incidents to designated officials and/or authorities both internal and external to the organization? If so, how is appropriate time determined?      Response to customer question:Yes. Incident notification timelines are determined in accordance with applicable law and contract as appropriate given the facts of the incident and the sensitive and nature of the affected data.
Question posed by client business:Has your company or any predecessor company been involved in any material litigation (whether as claimant, defendant or third party), in any arbitration, expert determination or other material non-judicial dispute resolution procedures in the past 5 years? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street and Oracle have been in litigation in the U.S. federal courts since 2010 (Oracle USA, Inc. v. Rimini Street, Inc., Case Number 2:10-cv-00106-LRH-VCF (D. Nev.), and Oracle Int?l Corp. v. Rimini Street, Inc., Case Number 2:14-cv-01699-MMD-DJA (D. Nev.)).   More detailed information is available in the attached summary, as well as Rimini?s publicly?filed United States SEC 10?Q and 10?K documents that can be found at https://www.sec.gov/ and publicly?available United States court documents that can be found at https://pacer.uscourts.gov/.  Rimini Street believes the risks related to the Oracle litigation are manageable given Rimini Street's financial liquidity and strength, and will not affect our ability to provide contracted software support services for any of its clients.   Rimini Street has successfully served thousands of Oracle clients for more than 16 years, including Fortune 500, Global 100, very-large, mid-size and public sector organizations, and according to Gartner statistics, is the largest and leading third-party support provider with an 86% share of the global market. 
Question posed by client business:Is anti-corruption and anti-bribery training required for your corporate board members? Response to customer question:No.Board members are not required to take training but are subject to the oversight of the audit committee, which is empowered to review and prevent conflicts of interest in defense of shareholders.
Question posed by client business:Is anti-corruption and anti-bribery (ABC/ACAB) training mandatory for all employees? Response to customer question:Yes. Anti-corruption and anti-bribery (ABC/ACAB) training is mandatory for all employees in our organization.  
Question posed by client business:If applicable, what technology will be used to transfer data between your organization and client?  Is encryption used to protect sensitive information when it is transmitted over external networks? Response to customer question:Public/private keys are used for the encryption of sensitive information; 128-bit encryption products (e.g. SSL, RSA) and/or algorithms are used; Data base encryption is used for sensitive information (e.g. credit card numbers, ssn, etc); passwords are encrypted; File encryption is used for locally stored materials (e.g. on laptops, etc).  Where applicable, the above technologies and techniques are utilized.
Question posed by client business:Do you test the organizational incident response capability? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street reviews, and/or tests capabilities.
Question posed by client business:Do you provide unique incident response training based on the role of the individual? Response to customer question:Yes. Incident response team members follow specific incident response training.
Question posed by client business:Are incident handling activities coordinated with contingency planning activities? Response to customer question:Yes. Incident response, business continuity, and disaster recovery are coordinated.
Question posed by client business:Do you analyze the incident response test results for lessons learned? Response to customer question:Yes. Incident response tests are analyzed for lessons learned.
Question posed by client business:Is a system use notification displayed that provides privacy and security notices before granting access to an application? Response to customer question:Yes. Upon use, workstations display privacy and security and acceptable use notices to the user.
Question posed by client business:Are Constituents required to attend security awareness training? Response to customer question:Yes. All employees receive basic security awareness training upon hire and at least once annually thereafter.  
Question posed by client business:Is role-based security training provided to personnel with assigned security roles and responsibilities for the system before access is granted, and also when required for information system changes? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street assigns additional training based upon roles and responsibilities or job function.
Question posed by client business:Do you periodically review and update the list of unauthorized software programs? Describe frequency of review. Response to customer question:Yes. Annually and during application for non-whitelisted software to be installed.
Question posed by client business:Do you separate the duties of individuals to reduce the risk of malevolent activity without collusion? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street utilizes the principle of segregation of duties to avoid risks of collusion around malevolent activity.  For example, our Ethics and Compliance department is separate from our audit department, our Legal department, and our Global Security departments.
Question posed by client business:Do you allow employees to connect personal devices to your network or receive company information? Response to customer question:No personal devices are allowed to connect to the RSI network. The exception is remote contractors who use personal machines must connect through encrypted connect via VPN to access their virtual workstations.
Question posed by client business:Use a key and cryptographic mechanism validated at FIPS 140-2 Level 1 at a minimum? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street uses BeyondTrust/Bomgar as its secure and encrypted remote access tool, and it is the only remote support solution to achieve FIPS 140-2 Level 2 validation.
Question posed by client business:Are unattended workstations required to be secured with appropriate automatic locks that restrict access if the device has been idle for more than 5 minutes? Response to customer question:Yes. Workstations lock out after a short time period as determined by Rimini Street Security as appropriate to the risk and the particular system and in alignment with third party audited standards such as ISO 27001:2013.
Question posed by client business:Has there been a Data Disaster Recovery Test? If so, when? Response to customer question:Yes. Scheduled Data Disaster Recovery Test will be 10/22/2022
Question posed by client business:Describe any additional controls applied to personal computers used by staff working in remote locations and accessing the organisations information, data, services Response to customer question:Employees remotely connect from their workstations located at their place of residence to a virtual workstation which we call a ?Client Gateway?. It is from this centrally managed and monitored facility that all services are delivered to the client. In addition, only company-issued devices subject to all ISO 27001 certified controls are permitted by the network.
Question posed by client business:Do non-employees have access to facilities after-hours, including but not limited to landlords, security guards, custodial services, and maintenance personnel? ?If so, please describe controls in place to ensure printed and electric customer information is secure (i.e. clean desk polices, locked cabinets, non-disclosure agreements)? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street does not handle client media or paper, and with respect to Rimini Street media, any portable storage media are removed and stored in a secured facility. ?Printed materials must be secured within locked storage areas and are securely shredded when destroyed.
Question posed by client business:Are Rimini Street engineers, employees, and contingent workers considered to be temporary employees, or on loan employees, or contract workers, or contingent workers with respect to clients? Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street employees are not employees of clients.  Rimini Street is responsible for all acts and omissions of employees through the legal principle of respondeat superieur and through contracts with employees and as stated in our standard agreement (MSA) terms.  Labor regulations applicable to clients should not apply to Rimini Street's workforce as Rimini Street is a services company, not a temporary staffing firm.
Question posed by client business:Do you have documented privacy policies and procedures and/or control processes, including, but not limited to information security controls, facility access controls, data breach incident handling/notification, currently in place? ?If so, please list the documents, describe, include latest date of revision or review and attach copies. Response to customer question:Yes. While Rimini Street maintains internal polices in compliance with applicable law and best practices with respect to Privacy and Security, we do not provide our internal policies to clients, as this is sensitive internal company confidential information.
Question posed by client business:Are controls in place to secure network access? Response to customer question:Yes. Check all that apply: - There is a documented process in place to activate new network connections - Extranet connections are limited and secured (e.g. via firewall rules established as required by a documented business need) - End point security access is restricted based on machine or user - NAC (Network authentication controls) authentication  Describe the controls in place to secure network access: Access is group/policy based and restricted to required resources.
Question posed by client business:When we backup the files on our employee?s PC, how many backup generations do we keep? Response to customer question:Backups are performed using ?Cohesity? (Servers) and ?Druva? (Endpoints), we currently keep all generations of backups for compliance purposes which are moved to tape and archived in a secure location. 
Question posed by client business:Triple DES is being deprecated soon.  Can you confirm what RSI plans to use  for encryption after Triple DES is discontinued? Response to customer question:Yes. For device management we have deployed ?Bitlocker? Device Encryption, it is currently using XTS-AES 128-bit encryption.
Question posed by client business:Will any RSM data (including de-identified data) be used in any of Vendor?s product development, enhancement, modeling, AI/machine learning training, or similar development? Response to customer question:Yes. Support communications (the contents of support tickets and preferences of clients in terms of language and time zone) and NOT client environment data (data from the environments and databases that we are contracted to support) may be used to improve the delivery of services.  The assignment of appropriate engineers to appropriate cases is guided by AI, which automatically matches the client company profile and business contact information, as well as the urgency of the message to coordinate assignments and escalation.
Question posed by client business:How would you respond to our concern that the Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) is a federal regulation that requires companies that if companies do business with the federal government, then they must stay with the original provider for tax updates and support. Response to customer question:Rimini Street Response:  Rimini Street has over 2,700 active clients worldwide, many of whom are subject to the same federal regulations.  None of the frameworks are written with intent force organizations to purchase from specific vendors.  The purposes of CMMC and the supporting standard, NIST 800-171, are to provide transparent and open frameworks for identifying and remediating security risk and a means for certification.     For clients subject to CMMCs, Rimini Street suggests that controls are properly selected and documented, including POAMs (Plan of Action and Milestones) be revised to account for the fact that OEM patching will not be expected to be available from Oracle, pointing out all actions taken to remediate the identified risks.  With these items appropriately addressed, audits/assessments for these controls should pass, and the funds saved by not paying for expensive support plans from the software maker can be deployed to remediate other risks and POAM items resulting in a more effective security architecture.  If a client?s requirements also includes NIST 800-171, Rimini Street would also suggest that the overall NIST security authorization package, including the security plan and security assessment reports leading to any POAMs, could be updated to reflect the plan to move off from software maker support. 
Question posed by client business:Are information security personnel responsible for the creation, and review of information security policies? Response to customer question:Yes.
Question posed by client business:Documentation that defines the Enterprise Risk Management program requirements (i.e., Enterprise risk governance plan, policies and procedures) Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Do the physical security controls include electronic controlled access system (key card, token, fob, biometric reader, etc.)? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Documentation that defines Information Asset Management Program (e.g., policies, procedures or standards). Documentation that defines Data Classification and Data Handling procedures in place (e.g., policies or standards). Documentation of the information asset inventory report and any associated documentation including the categories of assets (hardware, software applications software, operating system software and supporting database management systems) Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Does remediation reporting include a process to identify and log subcontractor information security, privacy and/or data breach issues? Response to customer question:Yes<p>Rimini Street&#39;s incident response place is subject to audit and certification under ISO 27001:2013.</p>
Question posed by client business:Documentation including any data confidentiality agreements, operating procedures or any related instructions, statements of work, compliance requirements, applicable terms and conditions, regarding scoped data Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Are critical network segments isolated? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there a pre-screening policy? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Identify who is responsible for compliance when contracting with third parties. Response to customer question:Per the ISO 9001 clause 7.4 all our vendors are evaluated on an annual basis to ensure they still meet our requirements and satisfaction.
Question posed by client business:Do all users have a unique userID when accessing applications? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are users prohibited from keeping paper records of passwords? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are information security policies, standards and procedures periodically reviewed at least annually and updated as needed? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are they current? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Please provide details in regards to testing of the Service Recovery/Disaster Recovery Response to customer question:In addition to an annual DR service failover bubble test, Rimini Street runs a full DR failover and service restoration test every three years
Question posed by client business:Describe how the process of introducing changes into the environment is handled by supplier. Response to customer question:All changes are reviewed at biweekly Change Control meetings.  There is a clearly defined approval process and policy.
Question posed by client business:What types of network equipment are used? Response to customer question:Firewalls, switching infrastructure, IDS/IPS, etc.
Question posed by client business:Is there a fire suppression system on the premises and in the data center? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Have an accredited third party perform annual security audits of your security program? Some standards which are used as measures are:?SOC 2 Type II, ISO 17799/ISO 27001/ISO 27002, BITS,PCI-DSS, Systrust/Webtrust, etc.. Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does Service Provider log all entrance and exit to and from the data center? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are software definitions up-to-date? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is Client's data ever used in the test, development, or QA environments? Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:Are there Intrusion Detection Systems (?IDS?) at the edge of Service Provider's network? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What type of hardware and software will be used to serve access to Sourcing Information? Response to customer question:External hard drive or SFTP
Question posed by client business:Is data classification addressed in data handling procedures (e.g. confidential or private data)? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there a process to monitor all identified risks on an ongoing basis? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there a segregation of duties for approving a change and those implementing the change? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does HR notify security / access administration of termination of constituents for access rights removal? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How is the need for action determined and how is action taken? Response to customer question:An analysis is performed utilizing auditing and vulnerability analysis tool and industry best practices.  Should action be required, a review detailing the vulnerability or issue and a mitigation strategy is immediately written and provided to the Information Technology and Global Security, Risk and Compliance Team.  Deployment/Mitigation then follows the documented and defined vulnerability management process.
Question posed by client business:How does Service Provider determine if such excess capacity is sufficient? Response to customer question:Capacity and utilizations are reviewed by a team weekly, real tiem monitoring and alerting is also utlized.
Question posed by client business:Are accounts prevented from reusing at least the previous 10 passwords? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Can employees and contractors download and install executables from the Internet? Response to customer question:Yes. However, workstations are constantly scanned and unauthorized applications that are not whitelisted are blocked from installation
Question posed by client business:Has the broadcast of the SSID been disabled? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Describe how the supplier's IDS work, including the procedures for maintenance, auditing and updating.  Include answers to the following questions:  (1) does the IDS allow for intrusion signature updates; (2) does the IDS document the conditions and frequencies in which the signatures are updated (e.g. manually check on the web and update as needed vs. automatic updates); (3) how are the supplier?s technical custodians alerted when intrusions are detected by the IDS; and (4) how does the IDS maintain and audit the process for responding to an intrusion once the intrusion systems have detected an attack. (5)  Who is responsible for network and/or application-based firewalls and intrusion detection devices?  (i.e., ownership, configuration, maintenance and monitoring?) Response to customer question:Rimini Street also utilizes network intrusion detection solutions to reduce the risk of malicious activity.  Rimini Street?s internal audit department performs extensive, ongoing internal audits to ensure compliance with our processes and policies. 1) Rimini Street IDS allows for intrusion detection signature updates  2) Rimini Street IDS documents the conditions & frequencies in which the signatures are updated via automatic updates.  3) Custodian are alerted via messaging and syslog alerting when intrusions are detected by the IDS. 4) full diagnostic logging of all intrusion and attack attempts.  All logs are also analyzed realtime by additional security and auditing platforms.   5) Information Technology is responsible for network and/or application based firewalls and intrusion detection devices with oversight & auditing performed by Global Security & Compliance.
Question posed by client business:Describe the supplier?s change management process.  Include existing documentation describing the process and indicate the people, process, and technology (if applicable) behind the change management process. Response to customer question:Rimini Street incorporates a change control processes and policies to ensure that the service and product delivery to customers can continue unimpeded without exception. This is accomplished through a biweekly change control committee meeting where all changes are reviewed and discussed with clearly defined approval processes and policies.
Question posed by client business:Is there a process to review the security of a third party vendor on an ongoing basis? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What is the ratio of Staff to servers, network devices, databases and clients? Response to customer question:The IT personnel are assigned dedicated roles; then strategically cross trained to equip the department to manage any critical shortage situations that could potentially transpire. The ratio of staff to servers, network devices, etc, is appropriate if not generous for Rimini Street and Rimini Street clients.
Question posed by client business:Are there firewalls between all wireless access points and the internal network where Sourcing Information is stored? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Who has administrative access and to which devices? Response to customer question:The role of AD Admin is provided to appropriate IT personnel. Network device administration is limited to network operations personnel.
Question posed by client business:Is there a formal, documented methodology for developing and testing secure infrastructure, systems and applications?  (1) Describe the policies and procedures for fine tuning security controls.  Include documentation that describes the process and/or standards around securing a system before it is released into the production environment at the supplier level (e.g. security standards documentation or baseline security list). (2) Does the development methodology include specifications to ensure the integrity of the data processing (data validation, balancing, reconciliation, audit trails, etc.)? Response to customer question:Rimini Street has documented extensive security and compliance policies and controls. These policies and controls have been incorporated into the ISO 9001 quality management system that Rimini Street has built, and are based on ISO 27001 principles. Oversight and internal auditing is provided by its award-winning Global Security and Compliance organization.
Question posed by client business:What level of wireless service is provided (e.g., internet only, file access, full network access)? Response to customer question:Full network access
Question posed by client business:Are privileges granted and revoked based on the principle of least privilege needed? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Contractor and temporary workers management Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does your organization utilize Wireless devices? What safeguards are in place i.e. encryption, authentication, other? Will any of BJ?s data be accessible from wireless devices? Response to customer question:Yes. Use is restricted to domain members and controlled through 802.1x. Rimini Street does not store or access production client data.
Question posed by client business:Can employees or contractors share network logons and passwords? Response to customer question:The sharing of user credentials is strictly forbidden.
Question posed by client business:Has Service Provider experienced any security incidents involving Sourcing Information in the past two years? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Who is responsible for data backup? Response to customer question:Information Technology
Question posed by client business:Is there a formal strategy for each identified risk? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How are physical records containing Sourcing Information stored? Response to customer question:Any physical records are stored in a secured environment.
Question posed by client business:Does the Staff have an operations manual? Response to customer question:The staff has a central (secured) repository (Intranet) which includes the appropriate manuals and procedures documentation.
Question posed by client business:Describe supplier's proposed incident response notification procedures for contacting client Information Technology Team.  Include notification of a breach affecting the following:  (1) single or multiple client systems (if applicable); (2) client data; and (3) multiple supplier systems and/or users supporting multiple supplier applications/services. Response to customer question:In said event RSI will immediately contact the appropriate personnel at potentially effected partners.
Question posed by client business:Describe notification time frames after declaration of a disaster.  Confirm whether supplier will be able to contact the client business unit sponsoring the contract within a mutually agreed time frame after a disaster is declared. Response to customer question:In the event of a natural disaster we have the ability ?switch over? to our backup location to provide all of the necessary services required to continue providing communication services for personnel, supporting our customers, and enabling business operations.
Question posed by client business:Provide an overview of your organization?s system architecture including network and security devices, and servers (web, application and database).  If possible, provide diagrams illustrating all hosting and redundant environments, including those provided by vendor?s subcontractors that will support client. Response to customer question:Rimini Street has a centrally managed operations center where services are rendered from, as well as a full DR site. All traffic and data is isolated utilizing next generation firewall technology, IDS, and behavioral analysis technologies.
Question posed by client business:What types of Sourcing Information is encrypted? Response to customer question:Any data deemed Restricted.
Question posed by client business:Are there Extranet connections into the environment? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is the data center shared with other tenants? Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street utilizes data centers that serve as colocation centers, however in regard to Client production data this is not applicable as Rimini Street will not Possess Client's Production data.
Question posed by client business:Who is responsible for maintaining IDS solutions? Response to customer question:Information Technology
Question posed by client business:What is backed up, and how often? Response to customer question:Full backups are taken weekly with nightly incrementals and differentials as applicable..
Question posed by client business:Is there a documented standard for the ports allowed through the network devices? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there a Network Intrusion Detection/Prevention System? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How does Service Provider transmit Sourcing Information to external clients? Response to customer question:P2P VPN, Secure FTP, etc
Question posed by client business:Do freeware or shareware applications require approval from security prior to installation? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How does Service Provider monitor for unauthorized software? Response to customer question:Reporting tools (such as SCCM and Exabeam) are utilized to inventory and report on unauthorized software.
Question posed by client business:Who is responsible for maintaining the firewalls? Response to customer question:Information Technology with auditing and oversite provided by Global Security, Risk, and Compliance.
Question posed by client business:Has the default password on all wireless devices been changed? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are wireless connections encrypted? Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:Describe the change control process for implementation of patches and upgrades to the supplier's systems.  Include information that shows formalities such as redundancies in the change control process Response to customer question:Rimini Street incorporates change control processes and policies to ensure that the service and product delivery to customers can continue unimpeded without exception. This is accomplished through a biweekly change control committee meeting where all changes are reviewed and discussed with clearly defined approval processes and policies.
Question posed by client business:Does your organization have a documented Business Continuity and/or Disaster Recovery procedures and plan? If yes, describe how often it is tested. If appropriate, provide client a summary or overview of procedures. Response to customer question:Yes. Annual bubble testing with full testing every three years.
Question posed by client business:Are suitable tests of the system(s) carried out during development and prior to acceptance? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you notify your workforce members, customers, and/or tenants when you make material changes to your information security and/or privacy policies? Response to customer question:Yes. Per our ISO 9001 (QMS) and ISO 27001 (ISMS), all relevant employees are notified and trained on any policy or process changes that are related to their roles and responsibilities.
Question posed by client business:Is the network structured to be redundant? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:If supplier leverages web pages, are all web sessions with confidential data (including authentication sessions) protected using SSL? What is the SSL version?  (1) Are supplier?s systems configured to ensure that all SSL sessions connect to the system at 128 bit strength?  (2) Are export-grade browsers blocked at the login page or supported via global certificates? Response to customer question:Yes. All web accessible systems provide a minimum of 128bit SSL. Export grade browsers are not supported.
Question posed by client business:Is there an Incident Response Plan (formal or informal)? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:If applicable, does your organization have a current Report of Compliance (ROC) or Payment Card Industry (PCI) Certification?  If yes, please provide a copy. Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:What monitoring procedures and systems are in place on the network? Response to customer question:Firewall?s, IDS/IPS, and monitoring platforms such as Exabeam. All systems have real time alerting capabilities and all systems are audited monthly at a minimum.
Question posed by client business:What types of periodic, formal processes are in place for changes to the Standards (e.g., including management approval and testing)? Response to customer question:Full testing and review with approval through change control
Question posed by client business:Does Service Provider use Simple Network Monitoring Protocol (?SNMP?) monitoring? Response to customer question:Yes. Where applicable.
Question posed by client business:Is there an asset management policy/program? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How does Service Provider control access to physical locations containing Sourcing Information, including buildings, computer facilities, and records storage facilities (e.g., receptionist, electronic code, key fob)? Response to customer question:All critical data is located at secured colocation centers where strict access control is utilized.
Question posed by client business:Describe what precautions supplier takes to ensure that any third party who might intercept backup files containing confidential or trade secret information cannot utilize that information. Are back up files encrypted? Response to customer question:Yes. All backup transmissions and media are encrypted.
Question posed by client business:How are patch updates tracked? Response to customer question:SCCM reporting, audits, and spot checks.
Question posed by client business:Is there a physical shielding in the walls to prevent eavesdropping? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:If so, who monitors them and how often? Response to customer question:Cameras are monitored by onsite and remote security personnel.  Recording retained/video surveillance footage is kept active for 90 days and then archived for a minimum of one year.
Question posed by client business:Are all computer systems password protected? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there a policy surrounding backup of production data? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:In what capcity are vendors involved in the host Sourcing Information? Response to customer question:We use colocations, but we are not hosting any of the clients data.
Question posed by client business:Are visitors escorted at all times while on the premises? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does the staff have any written or unwritten policies of""Acceptable Use""? Response to customer question:In addition to the Acceptable Use policy, IT is governed by their applicable ISO27001 policies (Systems Security, Access Control, etc)
Question posed by client business:Is there a process to review; access is only granted to those with a business need to know? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is a development, test, staging, QA or production environment supported and maintained? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What is the circuit bandwidth dedicated (or shared) to to Sourcing Information? Response to customer question:Site dependent ? up to 100Mb
Question posed by client business:Does Service Provider monitor the excess capacity of its hardware? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do all laptops that employees use that access the network, including those that may be employee owned, have personal firewall software installed and active? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there an Incident Management program? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are unique user IDs used for access? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What are the support contract levels for the IDS solutions? Response to customer question:All support contracts follow best practices and vary with the criticality and redundancy of the equipment.
Question posed by client business:How frequently are EXTERNAL audits in IS and processes performed? Response to customer question:External audits are performed annually or as appropriate for RSI and RSI clients.
Question posed by client business:Is there an independent audit performed on dependent third parties (SAS70, SOX, ISO27001, PCI, other) ? Response to customer question:Yes. We have implemented ISO 27001 and completed certification
Question posed by client business:Portable devices and storage media containing Sourcing Information Response to customer question:Said devices are not destroyed, but instead stored in a secured facility
Question posed by client business:Please provide a copy of Service Provider?s agreement with the vendor. Response to customer question:We do note share our vendor agreements with our clients.
Question posed by client business:How often must passwords be changed? Response to customer question:No.n-administrative user accounts expire in 90 days. Administrative accounts are changed every 180 days.
Question posed by client business:Are controls identified for each risk discovered? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you currently support customer authentication integration via?SAML?2.0 or?SAML?1.1 POST authentication protocols? Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:Does Service Provider provide Sourcing Information to any vendors or do vendors have access to Sourcing Information through services provided to Service Provider? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Does Service Provider encrypt electronic Sourcing Information that is transmitted wirelessly? Response to customer question:Yes. RSI requires the use of WPA2
Question posed by client business:Is there a process to authenticate a user?s identity for password and/or other account administration? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does your staff periodically work remotely/from home? Response to customer question:Yes. Most RSI staff work remotely and only company-issued devices subject to all ISO 27001 certified controls are permitted by the network.
Question posed by client business:Is remote access to the network allowed (e.g., Virtual Private Networks)? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do custodians of the Keys sign a form specifying that they understand and accept their key-custodian responsibilities? Response to customer question:NoThe individuals that manage the keys have verbally acknowledged that they understand and accept their key-custodian responsibilities.
"If yes, is your Information Security Program: - Approved by Senior Management - Communicated to Employees - Periodically Reviewed (Annually, Semi-Annually, Quarterly) - Published in a central repository - Aligned with industry standards such as ISO 27001/2, NIST, ITIL, CoBIT Response to customer question:Yes. Per our ISO 27001:2005 (ISMS)
Question posed by client business:How does Service Provider provide access to Sourcing Information to its clients? Response to customer question:Shipped on encrypted media (external hard drive.) or via secured FTP if applicable.
Question posed by client business:Will your organization require netowrk connectivity to client?  If so, please describe. Response to customer question:Yes. Connectivity is established to a test or dev environment.
Question posed by client business:Does Service Provider have network diagrams? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do any third parties connect to the same server or cluster of servers? Response to customer question:Yes. Via secure FTP
Question posed by client business:Paper records containing Sourcing Information Response to customer question:Secure shredding and destruction
Question posed by client business:Is there temperature/humidity monitoring on the premises and in the data center? Response to customer question:Yes. Full monitoring and climate controls are in place
Question posed by client business:Does Service Provider have procedures designed to ensure that modifications to Sourcing Information are conistent with its Written Policies? Response to customer question:Yes. Where applicable.
Question posed by client business:How does Service Provider train its employees and contractors regarding maintaining appropriate information security generally and implementing the Written Policies specifically? Response to customer question:All employees receive applicable training during the HR Onboarding process. Global Security Risk and Compliance also provides Security Awareness training and ISMS training for applicable personnel.
Question posed by client business:Is the operational change management process documented? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are password files and application system data stored in different file systems? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there an information security policy? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you currently notify customers of customer impacting security incidents? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are accounts automatically locked-out after 5, ( or less), consecutive failed login attempts? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do the systems which client's data processed reside in a data center? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street utilizes data centers that serve as colocation centers, however in regard to Client production data this is not applicable as Rimini Street will not Possess Client's Production data.
Question posed by client business:Does supplier have Service Level Agreements (SLA?s) signed with all of your 3rd party providers for any connections, products, or open source code? Response to customer question:Yes. Where applicable RSI requires SLA's with its vendors.
Question posed by client business:Does Service Provider have any insurance that could offset potential liability from data loss or unauthorized data access? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are any of the IT infrastructure services for your org outsourced or managed externally?  If yes, please provide a detailed explanation of the contracted service provider's responsibilities. Response to customer question:Yes. RSI utilizes two colocation centers for it's operations.
Question posed by client business:Is your organization under obligation to uphold security controls in support of data protection laws, such as US HIPAA, EU Data Protection Directive, US Safe Harbor, etc.? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Have any computers, PDAs, or other electronic devices that contain unencrypted Sourcing Information been stolen or lost? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Are issues of vulnerabilities resolved? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does Service Provider have any audit or self-assessment materials from these types of incidents? Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:Do you currently encrypt all customer data at rest?using an industry standard and community vetted encryption implementation? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:What is Service Providers primary source of power? Response to customer question:Redundant providers at data/colocation centers
Question posed by client business:Does the application provide a means for re-authenticating a user? Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:Who receives the alerts? Response to customer question:IT Network Administrators and GVP, Information Security Architect and VP of Global Security, Risk, and Compliance.
Question posed by client business:Please provide dates and details in regards to your last Service Recover/Disaster Recovery Response to customer question:Rimini Street has only failed over as part of a planned simulation.
Question posed by client business:How does Service Provider monitor systems and procedures to detect unauthorized access to Sourcing Information? Response to customer question:Firewall?s, IDS/IPS, and monitoring platforms such as Exabeam.
Question posed by client business:Do you currently perform vulnerability scans of your Internet facing infrastructure and application using accredited industry standard tools? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What type of process does Service Provider use to remove dated Sourcing Information?  How frequently? Response to customer question:Applicable data is archived quarterly to a secure system through a fully logged process.  Archived data is not deleted.
Question posed by client business:Is the requestor of the change separate from the approver? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Describe supplier?s processes for monitoring and enforcing compliance with your service providers. Response to customer question:Per the ISO 9001 clause 7.4 all our vendors are evaluated on an annual basis to ensure they still meet our requirements and satisfaction.
Question posed by client business:Does the access to the buildings where Client's data will be stored are protected ? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street does utilize secured facilities for all equipment utilized in support operations , however in regard to Client production data this is not applicable as Rimini Street will not Possess Client's Production data.
Question posed by client business:Are there procedures for information labeling and handling in accordance with the classification scheme? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are firewalls structured to be redundant? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How does Service Provider remotely manage machines (e.g., telnet, ssh, controlT, terminal server)? Response to customer question:Terminal Services
Question posed by client business:What type of formal control review process does Service Provider use for new software products? Response to customer question:All products are formally evaluated, tested, and released through the change control process.
Question posed by client business:Is there a process for the disposal of media? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there a documented process for securing and hardening network devices? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How are access privileges granted? Response to customer question:Via AD (user and PKI machine membership) with additional requirements (AV versions and definitions up to date, etc)
Question posed by client business:Is the data center or ODC and other sensitive areas protected by appropriate entry controls to ensure that only authorized personnel are allowed access?  If so, please describe those methods. Response to customer question:Yes. All data centers meet or exceed the requirements as defined in the ISO27001 standard.
Question posed by client business:Is multi-factor authentication deployed for""high-risk"" environments? Response to customer question:Yes. Multifactor Authentication is available for environments deemed""high risk""
Question posed by client business:Are vendor default passwords removed, disabled or changed prior to placing the device or system into production? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What is the distance from the lcoal police station to the premises and to the data center? Response to customer question:3.1 miles
Question posed by client business:Is compliance with information security policies monitored and measured? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What is the material construction of the building and data center? Response to customer question:Masonry, brick and steel
Question posed by client business:Does remote access require two-factor authentication, such as RSASecurID? tokens? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there a key management policy? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Discuss contracts for outsourced or subcontracted functions and how you ensure the confidentiality, privacy, and security of customer corporate data and all customer information are enforced. Response to customer question:In the event Rimini Street retains a contractor that would perform work for a client we would: utilizes an NDA, train the consultant and ensure all work product and data is stored & retained centrally within our data centers. Contractors would be provided with a virtual workstation that?s locked down and tightly controlled.
Question posed by client business:Does your hiring process include a background check? Response to customer question:Yes. All employees and All independent Contractors
Question posed by client business:Have an accredited third party perform penetration testing against your infrastructure, application, and operations which constitute the service or product to be used by Client? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is Instant Messaging used for Client data sending ? Response to customer question:Rimini Street does not allow file transfer over IM platforms , and in regard to Client production data this is not applicable as Rimini Street will not Possess Client's Production data.
"ISO17799 is a comprehensive set of controls comprising best practices in information security developed by the International Organization of Standardization. The controls encompass all forms and types of information, whether they are electronic files, paper documents or various forms of communications such as email, fax and spoken conversations. The standard sets out a variety of hardware and software considerations, policies, procedures and organizational structures that protect a company?s information assets from a broad range of modern security threats and vulnerabilities.   Please provide compelling evidence/certification that you meet a satisfactory level of compliance with the following ISO17799 domains. Response to customer question:RSI is in compliance with ISO 9001 and ISO 27001
Question posed by client business:Are there external network connections (Internet, Intranet, Extranet, etc.)? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Has your organization ever had a data breach? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Are application owners notified of all operating system changes? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are confidentiality agreements and/or Non Disclosure Agreements required of third party vendors? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there a formal operational change management / change control process? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are security patches regularly reviewed and applied to network devices? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there a process to ensure access rights granting and removing is performed with management approval? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is every connection to an external network terminated at a firewall? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are logins via wireless connections logged? Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:What actions does the Plan entail? Response to customer question:The plan includes full business continuity and disaster recovery actions.
Question posed by client business:Do onsite supervisors provide oversight for the staff supporting LM? Response to customer question:Not Applicable Most Rimini Street employees work from home based remote offices. Services are provided through centrally managed virtual infrastructure.
Question posed by client business:Whether any tool are used for recognizing vulnerabilities in operating systems and applications ? Response to customer question:Yes. Various tools from BackTrack, OSSIM, and Qualys
Question posed by client business:Is there a separate room for telecom equipment (e.g., PBX,routers)? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What is the wireless access solution used? Response to customer question:Cisco (PKI, only authenticated AD members)
Question posed by client business:Are inactive userID(s) deleted or disabled after a certain period of time? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Describe the mechanisms in place to monitor, in real time, security-related system logs, including but not limited to host and IDS log files.  Include the means and extent to which real time monitoring is used within the supplier's IDS. Response to customer question:We utilize combinations of SNMP, SYSLOG, Exabeam, and Active Directory tools and systems.
Question posed by client business:Describe notification time frames after declaration of a disaster.  Confirm whether supplier will be able to contact the client Business Unit sponsoring the contract within a mutually agreed time frame after a disaster is declared. Response to customer question:In the event of a natural disaster we have the ability ?switch over? to our backup location to provide all of the necessary services required to continue providing communication services for personnel, supporting our customers, and enabling business operations.
Question posed by client business:Are encryption keys encrypted when transmitted? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Upon successful logon, does a message indicate the last time of successful logon? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do web-facing systems that perform authentication also require session validation for subsequent requests? Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:Is there an anti-virus / malware policy or process? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there wireless networking policy? Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:Do you currently encrypt all transmission of customer data across all networks transited using an industry standard and community vetted encryption implementation? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you currently have a policy which defines conditions under which security incidents will be responded to and what expected remediation time frames are acceptable for specific types of incidents? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are all ingress/egress points managed, monitored and logged? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What types of controls or procedures does Service Provider use to prevent employees from providing Sourcing Information to unauthorized individuals? Response to customer question:In addition to policy based controls, information and resources are silo?s into secured containers or units that are strictly access controlled, monitored, and audited. Rimini Street also employs various other controls, such as IDS/IPS, frequent spot checks and audits.
Question posed by client business:Describe the Information Security Organization including roles and responsibilities for each functional area. Response to customer question:Screenshot of grey rectangle box from QMS for Global Security & Comliance
Question posed by client business:Has the Acceptable Use Policy been reviewed within the last 12 months? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are there any security cameras in the data center? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there an information security awareness and training program in place? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are system backups of Client data performed? Response to customer question:Yes. RSI backs up all systems and data
Question posed by client business:If data are sent or received via the physical media  those physical media are encrypted (pendrive,CD-rom, etc) ? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street encrypts all removable media utilized in support operations, however in regard to client production data this is not applicable as Rimini Street will not Possess client's Production data.
Question posed by client business:Do you currently provide a""single tenant"" (i.e. hosts, databases, etc. not shared between customers) option for all infrastructure and application dependencies in your service? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there an approval process to use wireless network devices? Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:What do these audits entail? Response to customer question:External audits include comprehensive recertification audits of controls, processes and documentation as required by ISO9001 and ISO27001.
Question posed by client business:Is there an individual or group responsible for security within the organization? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Disciplinary processes and procedures Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does Service Provider have a response program that specifies actions to be taken when Service Provider suspects that there has been a security incident involving Sourcing Information? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street has a full Incident Management Program (IMP.)
Question posed by client business:Describe how the following types of data and devices are disposed: Response to customer question:NOTE: Rimini Street will not take receipt of personal identifiable data.  We provide remote support, all services are rendered on your network.  Connectivity into your network is done through a""central"" hosted virtual workstation that is patched, protected and audited on a monthly basis.
Question posed by client business:Is this wireless network segment firewalled from the rest of the network? Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:What formal backup procedures exist? Response to customer question:Process is formalized and defined in the Rimini Street ISO9001 quality management system.
Question posed by client business:How does Service Provider transmit Sourcing Information to internal clients? Response to customer question:Secure file shares
Question posed by client business:Describe the client's information that is sent on to other parties by the supplier.  Include the data fields transmitted between the companies and stored at the other parties? location(s). Response to customer question:Rimini Street does not transmit or store client information to or at third parties? location(s).
Question posed by client business:Is backup media stored offsite? Response to customer question:Yes. RSI utilizes Iron Mountain for offsite storage
Question posed by client business:If Service Provider uses network address translation, how is it executed? Response to customer question:On connections to applicable client networks, and DMZ resources.
Question posed by client business:Are employees required to receive annual security and privacy awareness training. Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you currently have the ability to destroy all customer data within 90 days of termination of contract? Response to customer question:No..
Question posed by client business:Is there a project management function? Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:Is there load balancing?  If so, how? Response to customer question:Yes. As provided by the various platform vendors.
Question posed by client business:Are system logs available for review? Response to customer question:Yes. For internal use only
Question posed by client business:Does supplier have network Intrusion Detection Systems or Intrusion Prevention Systems (e.g., Real Secure, Net Ranger, Tipping Point, Snort, etc.)?  Do you run any software on your web servers, such as Tripwire, Intruder Alert, etc., to detect unauthorized configuration? Response to customer question:Yes. RSI utilizes multiple IPS and security platforms to actively protect internal and external facing traffic.  To detect unauthorized configuration Rimini Street uses an monitoring service as well as Exabeam.
Question posed by client business:Conducting background checks including criminal history checks for all employees, consultants, temporary workers, and external providers. Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is the user of a system also responsible for reviewing its security audit logs? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:How many characters/character types are required? Response to customer question:A minimum of 8 characters is required for non-administrative systems.
Question posed by client business:Explain what system, application, database, user and network authentication and access controls are used for internal and external users, and customers? Response to customer question:All systems are centrally/domain managed, utilizing security group membership for access.
Question posed by client business:Can a client get a copy of the test results of developed software prior to new releases? Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street does not develop applications
Question posed by client business:Can a user share a userID? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Describe the methods used to communicate security breaches to supplier's customers and third parties, such as authorities.  Include the proposed level and/or coordination with supplier's customers required pursuant to supplier's incident response procedures. Response to customer question:For low level incidents email communication would be utilized.  For high level incident RSI would assemble a call center to manage communications and event mitigation.
Question posed by client business:What type of redundancy does Service Provider have for hardware, power supplies, and telecommunication infrastructures? Response to customer question:Rimini Street follows all best practices for hardware, power, and infrastructure redundancy.
Question posed by client business:Who is responsible for maintaining patches? Response to customer question:Information Technology
Question posed by client business:Do you currently maintain logically and physically redundant DNS for all domain names referenced by your product, and all DNS dependencies your product may contain? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there a policy to prohibit users from sharing passwords? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is the sensitivity of an application explicitly identified and documented? Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:Does Service Provider use public or private Internet Protocol (?IP?) addresses within its network? Response to customer question:Private
Question posed by client business:Is a web site supported, hosted or maintained that has access to Client's data? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Is wireless networking technology used? Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:Does Service Provider maintain firewalls?  If so, what type? Response to customer question:Yes. Palo Alto Networks and Pulse Secure
Question posed by client business:Are all systems in your Internal, External and DMZ environment secured? Response to customer question:Yes. Internet accessible systems are tested for new vulnerabilities and Application layer Firewalls are used to protect web servers  Firewall(s) are configured to ensure source(s), destination(s) and protocol(s) definitions are tied back to the business need for each rule Undesirable web and mail content is filtered using anti-spam products Critical applications residing within the internal networks (and behind the firewall) are monitored 24 x 7 for security violations Secured encrypted communications is used for remote administration of all production systems Periodic scanning conducted for Rogue Wireless Access points on the network Wireless Access Points are not permitted in the data centers. Devices identified are imediately removed by security personnel.
Question posed by client business:For each proposed location the Supplier must describe at a minimum? Response to customer question:To aid in the business continuity plan, Rimini Street service delivery is provided by a remote workforce whom VPN into the colocation facility. Employees remotely connect from their place of residence to a virtual workstation which we call a ?Client Gateway?. It is from this centrally managed and monitored facility that all services are delivered to the client.
Question posed by client business:Describe the methods used by supplier to authenticate supplier employees prior to accessing supplier systems.  Include a list of platforms, systems and the versions (e.g. Windows 2000/XP, HP-UX 11i and Oracle 10g).  For each platform or system, list the controls implemented and their implemented values (e.g. Windows/Unix/Oracle minimum password length of 7 characters, password expiration, complexity, and account lockout controls). Response to customer question:We use Active Directory to manage and authenticate users and SSL VPNs to enable limited access based on assigned roles.   Password policy requires complexity, minimum length and expiration and lockout controls.
Question posed by client business:Is there a documented process to patch systems and applications? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How are cryptographic keys (the ?Keys?) generated (i.e., not simple words, with a sufficient number and variety of alphanumeric characters, and varying capitalization patterns)? Response to customer question:Keys are generated with passphrases that follow complexity rules.
Question posed by client business:Computers and other devices and media (e.g. copiers and fax machines) contianing Sourcing Information that are sold, transferred, returened from lease or toherwise disposed of? Response to customer question:All storage media are removed and stored in a secured facility prior to disposal
Question posed by client business:How much control do employees and contractors have over administering their computers? operating systems? Response to customer question:Rimini Street utilizes Group Policy to restrict administrative capabilities
Question posed by client business:How is Service Provider?s network structured? Response to customer question:All services and resources are segmented into dedicated networks with full IDS/IPS between all segments
Question posed by client business:How does Service Provider ensure that default passwords are not used on hardware, software, and network equipment? Response to customer question:The use of default passwords is strictly forbidden by policy and enforced through various technical controls and audit processes.
Question posed by client business:Describe the process for implementing, updating, and validating the above information security controls. Response to customer question:These policies and controls have been incorporated into the ISO 9001 quality management system that Rimini Street has built, and are based on ISO 27001 principles. Oversight and internal auditing is provided by its award-winning Global Security and Compliance organization
Question posed by client business:Please provide a network diagram. Response to customer question:Rimini Street does not share internal policies, processes, or associated documentation with external third parties.  We have an diagram of connectivity to the client-provisioned environment.
Question posed by client business:Is software and infrastructure independently tested prior to implementation? Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:Is there an access control policy? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:If applicable, is your organization compliant with Massachusetts Personally Identifiable Information regulations (201 CMR 17.00: Standard for the Protection of Personal Information of Residents of the Commonwealth)? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are these access to Sourcing Information systems redundant? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Describe the service(s) your organization will provide. Response to customer question:Rimini Street will provide remote support services.
Question posed by client business:Whether is generator used for locations that will have access to Client data ? Response to customer question:Yes. The data centers that Rimini Street utilizes do have backup generators , however in regard to Client production data this is not applicable as Rimini Street will not Possess Client's Production data.
Question posed by client business:Will your organization store data or transactions specific to client and what safeguards are in place to protect client?s stored data? Response to customer question:Yes. Support and transactional data is protected by our ISO 270001 audited controls which are discussed in more detail in reponse to additional questions or in our compliance documentation.
Question posed by client business:Do you currently provide customer configurable password strength and expiration requirements? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Under the PCI DSS, a business or organization should be able to assure their customers that its credit card data/account information and transaction information are safe from hackers or any malicious system intrusion.  Currently, under PCI DSS 1.1, the emphasis of compliance is on the Level 1 and Level 2 merchants, service providers, vendors and payment applications. Response to customer question:N/A - RSI does not process payment/credit card transactions
Question posed by client business:Describe the methods used to secure backups. Include the process for securing backups and any third-party involved in securing such backups. Response to customer question:All backups are stored on encrypted media at highly 3rd party secured facilities. Our vendor is Iron Mountain.
Question posed by client business:What hardware and software does Service Provider use? Response to customer question:Backup Exec with encrypted tape drives, vRanger.
Question posed by client business:Is there an owner to maintain and review the Risk Management program? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What types of common information security incidents does Service Provider specifically train employees and contractors regarding (e.g., phishing)? Response to customer question:Security awareness training includes such topics as Phishing, Social Engineering, Malware, Safe Computing Practices, and incident reporting.
Question posed by client business:Describe the methods used to track and log the usage of each user account? Response to customer question:Security logging is enabled on applicable devices and logon activity is monitored and alerted against.
Question posed by client business:How does Service Provider screen employees and contractors who will have access to Sourcing Information? Response to customer question:Rimini Street has a formalized HR Recruiting and Onboarding process during which background checks are conducted on all employees and subcontractors.
Question posed by client business:How and to whom is access to audit trails and log files limited? Response to customer question:All audit trails and log info is limited to only specifically authorized personnel based on the need to access said in order to perform their job functions and duties.
Question posed by client business:What is not monitored?  Why? Response to customer question:There are no systems or services that are deemed critical to operations that are not fully monitored.
Question posed by client business:Are insecure protocols (e.g., telnet used to access network devices)? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:How does Service Provider control software installation on employee and contractor desktops and laptops? Response to customer question:In addition to policy controls, spot checks and audits are continually run.
Question posed by client business:Are network traffic events logged to support historical or incident research? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are all stored passwords that might provide access to Sourcing Information encrypted? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How does Serivce Provider backup data? Response to customer question:Full backups are taken weekly with nightly incrementals and differentials as applicable.  All backup media is fully encrypted.  Key virtual platforms are backed up as applicable over SSL, VPN to the DR site.
Question posed by client business:Describe the processes and procedures for auditing systems to determine whether patches or upgrades are needed. Include the method and/or tools used to determine which systems require the latest patches and upgrades. Response to customer question:While protecting our network with real time security monitoring, Rimini Street conducts periodic network scans, both internally and externally. Rimini Street also utilizes network intrusion detection solutions to reduce the risk of malicious activity.  Rimini Street?s internal audit department performs extensive, ongoing internal audits to ensure compliance with our processes and policies.
Question posed by client business:Do you have a formal information security charter, policies, standards and/or guidelines? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Describe supplier's notification and response processes after a virus has been detected. Response to customer question:RSI utilizes a multi-tiered alert, report, notify strategy. If a detection occurs and is cleaned, then it is included in the daily report. If multiple detections of the same virus occur, an alert is generated and sent to Global Security and Compliance for investigation and mitigation.
Question posed by client business:Does Service Provider have dual control procedures or segregation of duties? Response to customer question:Yes. Both techniques are utilized where appropriate.
Question posed by client business:How are firewalls monitored? Response to customer question:With various platforms such as Solarwinds, Nagios, PRTG, and Exabeam.
Question posed by client business:Who is the manager of the offsite storage contractual agreement? Response to customer question:VP, Global Security and Facilities
Question posed by client business:What are the support contract levels for the network equipment? Response to customer question:All support contracts follow best practices and vary with the criticality and redundancy of the equipment.
Question posed by client business:Electronic records containing Sourcing Information Response to customer question:Said devices are not destroyed, but instead stored in a secured facility
Question posed by client business:How many people have access to the Keys? Response to customer question:Keys access is restricted to two primary holders (IT Infrastructure Manager, and Information Security Architect.)
Question posed by client business:Are systems and applications patched? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is inbound and outbound Internet traffic limited to web protocols (e.g., HTTP, HTTPS), remote access methods (e.g., VPN), and other protocols or methods that are documented and justified? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you have cyber insurance policy? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Has your organization been reviewed by an internal or external audit firm within the last two years or other independent review; e.g. SSAE16, WebTrust of Systrust? Please provide a copy of the report. Response to customer question:Yes. ISO 27001 Certification Audit
Question posed by client business:Is there a process to grant and approve access to systems holding, processing, or transporting Client's data? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street does have such systems in place for certain opperations however in regard to Client production data this is not applicable as Rimini Street will not Possess Client's Production data.
Question posed by client business:Describe the controls that are in place to ensure that data is only accessible on a need-to-know basis and that a client/end-user can access only the data to which they are authorized. Response to customer question:Authentication and access controls where applicable are managed thru active directory on least privileged basis.
Question posed by client business:Does your organization have a formal CSIRT (Computer Security Incident Response Team) with associated procedures? Response to customer question:Yes. CSIRT program is: Formally Document; Test annually to ensure its effectiveness; Includes trained personnel.  SIRT processes and procedures are reviewed annually.
Question posed by client business:Is there a documented incident management policy? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are only trusted SSL keys/certificates accepted? Response to customer question:Yes. For SSL VPN connectivity, and externally facing services.
Question posed by client business:How are the Written Policies promulgated throughout the organization (e.g., paper, policy, guidelines, classroom training and/or annual briefing)? Response to customer question:All policies are adopted through a formal process as a part of the ISO27001 program. All affected employees are formally trained and all policies are available in digital format in the Rimini Street document control system which was built as a part of the Rimini Street?s ISO9001 certification.
Question posed by client business:Provide copies of the business continuity plan for all components (both technical and non-technical) supporting client's environment.  Describe the strategy with respect to business continuity as it would relate to providing the supplier service to client. Attach Visio diagrams, or an equivalent common format that map such strategies. Response to customer question:The disaster recovery model at Rimini Street mandates the replication of key systems and services to a DR site across the United States from our primary data center. In the event of a natural disaster we have the ability ?switch over? to our backup location to provide all of the necessary services required to continue providing communication services for personnel, supporting our customers, and enabling business operations.
Question posed by client business:Who does Service Provider allow to administer systems that maintain or handle Sourcing Information, and to what degree? Response to customer question:Only employees that are properly vetted through the onboarding process, which includes applicable criminal, education and employment background checks, are permitted to administer said systems, and only after Rimini Street management have successfully validated that the individual possesses the appropriate competencies and knowledge, and thoroughly understands the policies, processes, and procedures mandated by Rimini Street.
Question posed by client business:Are network jacks available to visitors for use when not in presence of employees? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Are regular penetration tests executed against web-based applications? Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:How do the Written Policies address the size and complexity of Service Provider?s organization and operations? Response to customer question:The certification program and all corresponding policies are specifically tailored to the unique requirements and needs of Rimini Street and Rimni Street clients.
Question posed by client business:If so, who monitors them and how often? Response to customer question:Access control purposes only.  Colocation Managed.  No retention of recordings.
Question posed by client business:What types of protections has Service Provider implemented to compensate for the vulnerabilities associated with remote access? Response to customer question:Rimini Street utilizes various tools and techniques, including the use of IDS, PKI, centrally managed Anti-Malware, etc?
Question posed by client business:Do all computer systems actively run current anti-virus and anti-malware software? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How many individuals have access to system logs? Response to customer question:Only necessary personnel have access to respective logs.
Question posed by client business:Is remote access permitted into the environment? Response to customer question:Yes. Remote Access provided via SSL VPN's with policy based requirements to ensure the compliance and identification of the user and connected machine.
Question posed by client business:Is all third-party software current and updated with proper patches? Response to customer question:Yes. Where applicable
Question posed by client business:Is there server clustering?  If so, how? Response to customer question:Yes. As managed by the virtualization and storage platforms.
Question posed by client business:What additional controls has your organization implemented to protect data at rest? Response to customer question:Database encryption is used for sensitive information; Hard drive encryption is used for senstive information; File encryption is used for locally stored materials (e.g. on servers, disk, storage, laptops, etc) Where applicable, all of the above referenced technologies and techniques are utilized.
Question posed by client business:Does management require the use of confidentiality or non-disclosure agreements? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What vendor provides security for the premises and data center? Response to customer question:Data/Colocation center owner
Question posed by client business:If Client's data is transmitted electronically via Internet then the channel of transmition is encrypted ? Response to customer question:Yes. All internet traffic required for support operations is encrypted, however in regard to Client production data this is not applicable as Rimini Street will not Possess Client's Production data.
Question posed by client business:What is the circuit redundancy for Sourcing Information? Response to customer question:Site redundancy
Question posed by client business:To what extent does Service Provider perform internal or external audits on how the Written Policies are implemented and operate? Response to customer question:Rimini Street continually monitors key metrics, performs monthly, quarterly, semi-annual, and annual audits where appropriate, and performs frequent spot checks on all key systems and controls.
Question posed by client business:Does Service Provider periodically identify reasonably foreseeable internal and external threats that could result in unauthorized disclosure, misuse, alteration, or destruction of Sourcing Information? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street performs periodic penetration testing, follows a rigorous auditing schedule, and has numerous technical controls in place to identify said threats, including a full vulnerability management program.  As well, Rimini Street utilizes the services of Optiv to perform penetration testing and other testing as needed following a significant change that would require further testing.
Question posed by client business:Does Service Provider have offsite storate of data?  If so, with whom? Response to customer question:Yes. Iron Mountain
Question posed by client business:Is there a DMZ environment within the network that transmits, processes or stores target data? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Does your organization utilize firewalls, network intrusion detection, and prevention systems? Describe the firewall and IDS/IPS configuration, and who manages alerts from these systems? Response to customer question:Yes. All traffic is isolated and passed through multiple inspection systems. Alerting is managed by Information Technology with oversight, utilization, and validation provided by Global Security, Risk & Compliance.
Question posed by client business:Is there a backup power supply? Response to customer question:Yes. Specifically for the data center.
Question posed by client business:Is wireless access to the network allowed? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Has the security policy been published? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does supplier have multiple data centers?  (1) Are these established as peer sites, with traffic shared between them, or as an active/failover configuration?  (2) Describe the architecture, including how traffic is distributed amongst the data centers & how database synchronization is achieved. Response to customer question:Yes. We have multiple data centers with encrypted P2P IPSec VPN?s between facilities.
Question posed by client business:What are the data archival and retential policies for email? Response to customer question:Email systems are fully backed up and securely stored.  All email is retained permanently.
Question posed by client business:What is the size of Service Provider?s technical support staff (the ?Staff?)? Response to customer question:The information technology department is composed of 8 personnel, the Global Security, Risk and Compliance department is composed of 6 personnel.
Question posed by client business:Is there an annual schedule of required tests? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Has the default Service Set Identifier (?SSID?) been changed? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Provide a logical network diagram in Visio format or other common format such as PDF.  These documents can be scrubbed in the sense that actual IP addresses do not have to be revealed. Response to customer question:Not Applicable Given that we will not be hosting any data this should be out of scope.
Question posed by client business:Does Service Provider encrypt electronic Sourcing Information that is stored on any device that is transported outside of the physical and logical controls of the Service Provider? Response to customer question:Any data stored on said devices is copied onto an encrypted drive or volume.
Question posed by client business:Whether is Battery/UPS used for locations that will have access to Client data ? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street utilizes fully redundant power systems on all equipment utilized in support operations , however in regard to Client production data this is not applicable as Rimini Street will not Possess Client's Production data.
Question posed by client business:Do firewalls exist at each Internet connection on the network? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Provide an overview description of the end-to-end application(s) data flow of supplier system, product or service.  Include details on the data classification, processing performed against the data, the process in which the data is exchanged or collected, transmission method, storage, encryption used, and logical or physical separation of the data. Response to customer question:Rsi utilizes SSL or IPSEC VPN Client Infrastructure.  RSI engineers utilize RDP over these encrypted connections.  Data remains under client control and management.
Question posed by client business:Are validation checks performed on applications to detect any corruption of data? Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:Is a Business Impact Analysis conducted at least annually? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are there procedures for the disposal and/or destruction of physical media (e.g., paper documents, CDs, DVDs, tapes, disk drives, etc.)? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are reviews conducted at least monthly to detect unapproved files or unauthorized changes? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are passwords required to access systems holding, processing, or transporting Client's data? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street has a password policy in place that requires all users have unique and complex passwords  for all support opprtations, however in regard to Client production data this is not applicable as Rimini Street will not Possess Client's Production data.
Question posed by client business:Describe the methods used to control employee access to supplier resources. Include the processes that control access by supplier?s employees to systems and re-verifying access periodically (e.g.""default deny"" versus""least privilege"" approach to establishing access).  Also include a description of how employee access is periodically re-verified, who conducts the re-verification, and how accounts are de-provisioned. Response to customer question:RSI utilizes principle of least privilege to all systems.  Access is requested, authorized, and revoked through ticketing systems.  Access to systems is audited and verified on a monthly Offboarding process which includes revoking access to systems as well as the retrieval of data and devices all done thru an automated system.  Access audits are performed monthly.
Question posed by client business:Are the access control procedures the same for both the test and production environment? Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:Are there procedures for the reuse of physical media (e.g., tapes, disk drives, etc.)? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there a teleworking policy? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Have customers of Serivce Provider ever complainted about data security issues? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Is application development performed? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Is there 24-hour onsite security or security alarm systems Response to customer question:Yes. Data/colocation centers secured and manned 24/7/365
Question posed by client business:What do these audits entail? Response to customer question:These audits include reviews of user and machine accounts, systems and resource access, security patches and definition updates, backup jobs, etc.
Question posed by client business:Is there a Disaster Recovery plan? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:If data is kept offsite, how is it transferred? Response to customer question:Via registered courier (FedEx)
Question posed by client business:Is there a process for emergency anti-virus signature updates? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are the Keys periodically changed? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are servers scans scheduled daily or more frequently? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does the client's data on the paper reside in a locked cabinet(s)? Response to customer question:Yes. Any paperwork with client related information will reside in an access controlled room.
Question posed by client business:Are change control procedures required for all changes to the production environment? Response to customer question:Yes. There is no Application Development. Applies to production operations
Question posed by client business:Describe the notification processes and procedures for how technical custodians responsible for patching or upgrading systems throughout the environment are notified of the need for patches or upgrades. Include how technical custodians proceed following receipt of security notifications for patches and upgrades.  The methodology should set forth the actions necessary to implement the patches or upgrades. Response to customer question:Personnel responsible for patching and upgrading Rimini Street systems participate in the biweekly change control review meeting where all changes are reviewed and discussed with clearly defined approval processes and policies.  Changes are submitted to the Change Control ticketing system where changes are approved and notifications sent to appropriate personnel.
Question posed by client business:What other network measures does Service Provider implement that may protect Sourcing Information? Response to customer question:Utilization of additional resources such as TMG/ISA.
Question posed by client business:Is there a Staff organizational chart that details responsibilities that is available for review? Response to customer question:Yes. We can produce a general org chart without personal data or great detail.
Question posed by client business:Is network address translation (?NAT?) or other similar IP masquerading technology used to restrict broadcast of IP addresses from the internal network to the Internet? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Describe the methods used to audit transactions within the service/application for which Bright Horizons is currently evaluating the supplier.  Include the audit categories (e.g. invalid logons, last logon, etc.) and  indicate to whom this information is available and for what period of time it is available (e.g. customers and customer service center can see last logon or pin change for a given customer for X days or Y hours). Response to customer question:Rimini Street will not host an application or data from databases that we are contracted to support, but access control audits are performed monthly.
Question posed by client business:Is there a secured work area where  Client's data are processed ? Response to customer question:Yes. All equipment utilized in support operations is located in dedicated and securred areas, however in regard to Client production data this is not applicable as Rimini Street will not Possess Client's Production data.
Question posed by client business:Is application development performed? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Do policies require access controls be in place on applications, operating systems, databases, and network devices to ensure users have least privilege? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How do these IDS solutions send alerts? Response to customer question:Via SMTP, SNMP, and Syslog (Syslog to Exabeam)
Question posed by client business:Are network devices configured to prevent communications from unapproved networks? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What other software measures does Service Provider employ that may protect Sourcing Information? Response to customer question:Change monitoring, daily permissions and account validations.
Question posed by client business:Has all unnecessary software functionality been removed? Response to customer question:Yes. Where applicable
Question posed by client business:Is unsecure wireless access ever provided? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Does Service Provider have a written information security program and/or written information security policies or procedures (the ?Written Policies?)? Response to customer question:Rimini Street is ISO27001 certified and has implemented all of the required policy controls.  RSI can provide you with the ISO 27001 certificate.  We can also talk you through our processes and policies over a conference call.
Question posed by client business:Describe any security certifications held by technical resources responsible for the desired client's services.  Briefly list the security certifications held by individuals who support the service. Response to customer question:Not Applicable However, various members of our security team hold industry recognized certifications such as CISSP or CISA.
Question posed by client business:Are public/private keys used? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:When did Service Provider last restore data? Response to customer question:Select backups are restored for test purposes and DR purposes weekly.
Question posed by client business:Signature of non-disclosure agreements prior to employment commencement Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What levels of encryption does Service Provider employ for various methods of data transmission (e.g., 128 bit for email)? Response to customer question:AES 256 for VPN Tunnels, 2048 bits for SSL, AES 128 for SSL VPN, etc?
Question posed by client business:Do the firewalls perform stateful inspection so as to allow only established connections into the network? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How does Service Provider notify its customers of security incidents involving Sourcing Information? Response to customer question:Notification mechanism is at the clients' discretion but would generally include email and verbal notification.
Question posed by client business:Is there a documented change management / change control process? Response to customer question:Yes. There is no Application Development. Applies to production operations
Question posed by client business:Do employees or contractors have any control? Response to customer question:Yes. Where applicable, engineers do have permissions as required to perform their job functions.
Question posed by client business:Are there any security cameras on the premises? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are old Keys revoked and destroyed? Response to customer question:Destroyed
Question posed by client business:Is there a documented physical security policy? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Provide an architecture diagram depicting and mapping the production components of the supplier?s intrusion detection systems (""IDS"").  Include architectural diagrams that map the relationship between intrusion detection systems and the public/private nodes on the supplier?s network.  Such diagrams should show the corresponding IDS product names and versions. Response to customer question:Not Applicable Given that we will not be hosting any data this should be out of scope.
Question posed by client business:Has an external company performed a vulnerability assessment of the IT environment within the last 12 months? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Can employees alter the configurations of those firewalls? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Is there an encryption policy? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Can files that contain Sourcing Information be accessed anonymously? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:What types of periodic internal or external audits does Service Provider perform with respect to its information systems (?IS?) and processes, including key controls and systems? Response to customer question:Rimini Street continually monitors key metrics, performs monthly, quarterly, semi-annual, and annual audits where appropriate, and performs frequent spot checks on all key systems and controls. All key systems and platforms are continually monitored for performance and changes with real-time full alerting and logging for analysis requirements. Rimini Street uses various tools to perform these functions including but not limited to, Nagios, and Exabeam.
Question posed by client business:Upon logon failure, does the error message describe the cause of the failure (e.g., Invalid password, invalid user ID, etc.)? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What are the support contract levels for access to Sourcing Information? Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:What type of telecommunications network does Service Provider have? Response to customer question:Carrier provided
Question posed by client business:Does Service Provider use SNMP to control devices on its network and systems? Response to customer question:Yes. Only in strategically identified cases.
Question posed by client business:Are new hires required to sign any agreements that pertain to non/disclosure, confidentiality, acceptable use or code of ethics upon hire? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is the access to Sourcing Information web-based? Response to customer question:Only Rimini Street client deliverables
Question posed by client business:Are any vendors involved in the hosting of the Sourcing Information? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does the use or installation of open source software (e.g., Linux, Apache, etc.) undergo an information security review and approval process? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What are the Staff?s qualifications? Response to customer question:All staff are required to have a combination of extensive experience, certifications, and education in their field of specialty.
Question posed by client business:Is there a Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process? Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:Does the Service Provider log visitor access to its premises? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does Service Provider have internal IDS solutions? Response to customer question:Yes. all internal traffic is inspected by Palo Alto, Pulse Secure (formerly Juniper) Appliances.
Question posed by client business:Is there a Business Continuity/Disaster Recovery (BC/DR) program? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:When does Service Provider report to its board or an appropriate committee of the board on the overall status of the Written Policies and information security in general (e.g., at least annually)? Response to customer question:Management reviews are conducted at least one a year.
Question posed by client business:How does Service Provider determine which employees and contractors will be permitted access to Sourcing Information? Response to customer question:Access to resources is based on the employee or contractors roles and responsibilities.
Question posed by client business:Does Serivce Provider have a record retention manager to oversee the disposal of records containing Sourcing Information? Response to customer question:Rimini Street generally does not dispose of records, however, clear defined processes and procedures are in place to ensure disposal is done properly.
Question posed by client business:Does Service Provider use Remote Monitoring (?RMON?)? Response to customer question:Yes. Where applicable
Question posed by client business:Describe the process for proactively distributing the latest virus updates to workstations and servers. Response to customer question:This process is automated through the central management of our platform, and reported on daily, and audited monthly.
Question posed by client business:What other parties does Service Provider notify of security incidents involving Sourcing Information? Response to customer question:Where applicable, external sources such as the FBI or CERT.
Question posed by client business:Does your company enfore a patch management process?  Please describe the tools and processes used to patch systems, including implementation timeframes? Response to customer question:Yes. Check all that apply: - Vulnerabilities and exploits are monitored on a daly basis by Security Operations Center (SOC) or subscription to a MSSP - Security patches or workarounds once identified are prioritized based on Impact and Likelihood analysis - Patches are tested on non-production systems before they are implemented - Implementation of patches is centralized for all locations
Question posed by client business:Does Service Provider?s firewall configuration standards (the ?Standards?) include: a description of groups, roles and responsibilities for logical management of network components; a documented list of services/ports necessary for busienss and justification for any available protocols? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are encryption tools managed and maintained? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are results reported? Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:If supplier leverages web pages, how does supplier monitor and/or protect against a possible defacement by an intruder? Response to customer question:Given that we will not be hosting any data this should be out of scope, however, with regards to our website we follow the following process: We have web development, QA and a pre-publishing review process.  We have an external monitoring service to alert about unauthorized changes or malware infections on our web pages.
Question posed by client business:Is there a comprehensive business continuity, disaster recovery, business resumption, and crisis management plan (the ?Plan?) and the capacity to execute such plan? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are wireless connections authenticated? Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:Who is responsible for tracking patch levels? Response to customer question:Information Technology and Global Security, Risk, and Compliance
Question posed by client business:Is open source code used in any of the supplier systems? If so what resources and procedures are used for support and security patch management? Response to customer question:Yes. RSI does utilize open source products.  Rimini Street constantly monitors vendor sites and industry recognized mailing lists for security vulnerabilities in the products and tools that Rimini Street utilizes. When new security patches are released, tests and evaluations of these security patches and updates are performed to ensure interoperability with our systems.
Question posed by client business:Is there a documented policy for business continuity and disaster recovery? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are mobile computing devices (laptop, PDA, etc.) used to store, process or access Client's data? Response to customer question:Yes. Support engineers connect from their centrally managed and audited laptops to the Rimini Street network via SSL VPN. They then connect to a highly controlled virtual machine where they then connect to the client network to provide support services.
Question posed by client business:If so, what type and brand of software/hardware? Response to customer question:Pulse Secure
Question posed by client business:What types of schedule does Service Provider use for the maintenance and replacement of hardware? Response to customer question:All hardware is maintained and replaced through vendor lease agreements.
Question posed by client business:Do third party vendors have access to Client data (e.g., backup vendors, service providers, equipment support vendors, etc)? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:When using any web-based programs with Sourcing Information, are secure socket layers (?SSL?) used to encrypt the data transmission? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are temporary password unique to an individual? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What is the distance from the local fire department to the rpemises and to the data center? Response to customer question:0.5 miles
Question posed by client business:11.9 Is there a secure software development lifecycle policy that has been approved by management, communicated to appropriate constituents and an owner to maintain and review the policy? Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:Identify the Employee:  Is it possible to identify who initated the remote access? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Please describe your supply chain in relation to the goods/services you are willing to provide client i.e. have you got visibility of your supply chain, who you purchase from?etc? Response to customer question:As Rimini street is strcitly a servie providere we have very limited purchasing related to the services provided to our clients; however, Rimini Street conducts due diligence on any vendor with which it contracts with and includes appropriate contractual obligations based ont eh goods/services being provided.
Question posed by client business:what's the time period for signature updates for Bitdefender Response to customer question:Bitdefender downloads full updates every 3 months, for the incremental updates when computer is turned on and every hour after.  There are two repositiories, one main and one that stores the latest updates, So every time computer is turned on and every hour, it recieves incremental updates, then every 3 months it will roll all of those incremental updates into one large repository
Question posed by client business:Are there Standard operating procedures or work guidelines (?SOP?) for the company's activities that involve handling of PII collection, storage, use, sharing and retention/destruction (please indicate which, if not all) Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:9.3 Do changes to the production environment including network, systems, application updates, and code changes subject to the change control process?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do scans performed on incoming and outgoing email include phishing prevention? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Please describe the incorporate history of Rimini Street Response to customer question:Rimini Street was originally incorporated September 8, 2005 in Las Vegas Nevada. However, as a result of its merger with GP Investments Acquisition Corp. (GPIAC) in 2017, Rimini Street reincorporated via a reverse merger October 20, 2017 in the State of Delaware, registered in Wilmington County. Rimini Street is a corporation.
Question posed by client business:Are there procedures for ensuring timely identification and removal of user accounts that are no longer required? Response to customer question:Yes. Issued user accounts and access to systems is audited and verified on a monthly.  The offboarding process is documented in the ISO 9001 certified QMS which includes revoking access to systems as well as the retrieval of data and devices.  Access audits are performed monthly.  All access is terminated immediately for staff whose employment is terminated for any reason through an HR/IT ticketing system.
Question posed by client business:2.70 Documentation on policies, procedures or standards for web server and application log on activity logging Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:2.4 Documentation that defines oversight functions and procedures accountable for compliance with legal, regulatory and standards obligations Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Have you implemented Network Level Authentication (NLA) Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is Multi-factor Authentication deployed? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Does the password policy define specific length and complexity requirements for passwords?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:2.24 Documentation regarding the policies and procedures for acknowledgment and receipt of company policies, including a current constituent list for constituents with access to scoped data Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:8.9 Are there environmental controls in secured facilities to protect computers and other physical assets e.g., Fire detection and suppression? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What is Rimini Street's D&B Number - Dun & Bradstreet Response to customer question:62-107-6715
Question posed by client business:Does the password policy require keeping passwords confidential?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Documentation of the organization's information security policies Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Does your company have an ongoing privacy training program in place? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What server operating systems are used at your company? Response to customer question:Windows 2008/2021/2016.
Question posed by client business:Is password reset authority restricted to authorized persons and/or an automated password reset tool? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Documentation describing the Incident Management Analysis process Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:How will your Company ensure compliance with international privacy laws and regulations with respect to the client Information? Response to customer question:Through processes and procedures certified to ISO 27001, ISO 9001, APEC CBPR, and through adherence to processes and procedures established to comply with global privacy laws.
Question posed by client business:Are there tools deployed within the network infrastructure to detect, prevent or otherwise hinder malicious code outbreaks? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does the security awareness training program include new hire and annual participation? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do contracts with all subcontractors include Indemnification/liability? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does the security awareness training program include an explanation of Constituents' security roles and responsibilities? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Confirm how the testing strategy ensures all elements of a system (i.e. application software packages, system software, hardware and services) are tested before a new system is promoted to the live environment. Response to customer question:All systems are fully tested in a development environment. All results are analysed and review during a change control session by representatives from Global Security and I.T. prior to approval for promotion into production.
Question posed by client business:Are encryption keys managed and maintained for Scoped Data?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you use RBAC to ensure appropriate level access to users, groups and applications? Response to customer question:Yes. All access is based on role and specific need to perform assigned duties.
Question posed by client business:Have you had any significant customer disputes in the past 3 years? Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street has never been adverse in litigation to any of its clients (or any other party besides Oracle) related to the provision or quality of its support services.
Question posed by client business:Do endpoints include office and dev/QA/production environments? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does your organization currently use wireless LAN technology?  If yes, what controls has your organization put in place to ensure that Altria Data is protected from unauthorized access originating from Wireless LAN technology? Response to customer question:Client environment data is not downloaded or stored.  Support is provided utilizing secure methodologies such as Beyond Trust secure remote access, or VPN/virtualized environments.  Local systems access is protected via system certification/authentication.
Question posed by client business:Is there a documented change management/change control process for applications with Scoped Data?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Documentation regarding the policies and procedures to prevent unauthorized access to unattended systems Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Type of legal entity and state of incorporation Response to customer question:<p><span style=""color:rgb( 100 , 108 , 126 )"">Rimini Street, Inc., a Delaware corporation</span></p>
Question posed by client business:Been the subject of a privacy proceeding by state attorneys general or consumer agencies Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Are there SOPs that cover other data management aspects?  Please indicate subject(s): Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you conduct internal monitoring and/or monitoring of compliance with the privacy policy and customer contract terms? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What restrictions on the type of communication protocols are allowed outbound on your firewall or inbound on your firewall(s) (i.e., HTTPS, FTP, NETBIOS, Telnet)? Response to customer question:Yes. We do encrypt our communication and use HTTPS and FTPS.
Question posed by client business:Approximately how mant FTE (full-time equivalents) are working on this kind of testing? Response to customer question:4
Question posed by client business:Is the Disaster Recovery plan tested successfully with the results documented at least once per year? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street utilizes annual bubble tests and conducts a full failover test every three years
Question posed by client business:Describe how your 'gold images' / templates are managed Response to customer question:All templates (gold, etc) are powered on monthly and updated with all required patches, rebooted, and powered down.
Question posed by client business:Are information security personnel responsible for the review and/or monitoring information security incidents or events? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Organization documentation of its process for restricting the use of removable devices Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Are applications evaluated from a security perspective prior to promotion to production?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Documentation of its backup and recovery plan procedures to recover from an incident or threat that impacts critical assets or systems Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:2.31 Organization documentation of its physical security plan and other relevant documentation, including fire authority certification for the off-site facility, if an off-site facility exists Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:11.3 Are system, vendor, or service accounts disallowed for normal operations and monitored for usage? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are access rights reviewed when a constituent?s role changes? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are backups tested periodically to ensure data can be recovered? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you use any shared logins/IDs for remote access? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:10.25 Does the password policy prohibit keeping an unencrypted record of passwords (paper, software file or handheld device)? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Has your company been the subject of an ?expose? style media report involving how your company handles personal information Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Does the password policy require changing passwords at regular intervals? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN #): Response to customer question:36-4880301
Question posed by client business:Is there a documented process for timely critical patch management? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street constantly monitors vendor sites and industry recognized mailing lists for security vulnerabilities in the products and tools that Rimini Street utilizes. When new security patches are released, tests and evaluations of these security patches and updates are performed to ensure interoperability with our systems. Deploying the appropriate updates are centrally managed and performed within preset timeframes.
Question posed by client business:Identify the PC:  Is it possible to identify, from eg. Mac address, serial number etc, the client PC used in remote access if it is a company issued or a employee owned PC? Response to customer question:Yes. No employee owned PCs or Bring Your Own Devices (BYOB) is permitted.  All laptops are company-issued.
Question posed by client business:How do you implement MFA or 2FA or Multifactor or two-factor authentication? Response to customer question:Client determines if they require multi-factor authentication (MFA).  Rimini Street works with numerous connectivity solutions with our clients including: - Site to Site IPSEC tunnel - Cisco VPN Client - Secure Portal Access to Jump server/workstation - Secure Portal Access to Citrix Server Farm - Multi-Factor Authentication - RSA Hard Token - Multi-Factor Authentication - RSA Soft Token - Multi-Factor Authentication - SafeNet MobilePass
Question posed by client business:Does the third party risk management program require business units to notify if there are new or changed subcontractors?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Have you implemented a Wireless Intrusion Detection System (WIDS)? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Is there a recent Penetration test for the sFTP server? Response to customer question:Yes. Per the Rimini Street ISO 27001 certified ISMS, penetration tests are performed annually at a minimum.
Question posed by client business:Are outside development resources utilized? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:If you process personal data, provide details of how responsibility for managing information privacy is established and security controls for handling personally identifiable information applied.  Include details of any personal data transmitted to other 3rd party organisation, or hosted, stored or processed on behalf of the organisation. Response to customer question:Rimini Staff do not access confidential customer data in the systems that we are contracted to support. All services are performed through the client?s dev/test environment, unless otherwise specified in a specific SOW.
Question posed by client business:Do the penetration tests include manual security testing? Response to customer question:Yes. Depending on severity and asset, the pen tester will actually validate by attempting to hack the system.
Question posed by client business:Are the answers in this questionnaire for only one facility or geographic location? Response to customer question:Yes<p>Rimini Street is a US headquartered company, with global satellite offices and workforce.  These questions refer to Rimini Street&#39;s global processes.</p>
Question posed by client business:Can your ogranization's systems and applications support the white listing of Brookfield Properties IP addresses to restrict access to the administrative console? Response to customer question:Not Applicable This is not applicable to our services.
Question posed by client business:9.2 Is there an operational change management/Change Control policy or program that has been documented, approved by management, communicated to appropriate Constituents and assigned an owner to maintain and review the policy?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Documentation regarding its visitor management program and a copy of the organization?s visitor logs from the past 90 days Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Describe your telecommunication link and security protocols regarding Management tools, monitoring and control Response to customer question:Rimini Street has centrally managed and deployed anti-malware, system management, and patching tools. All critical resources are fully monitored (up time, service availability, etc) with real time alerting and historical records review processes.
Question posed by client business:2.131 Documentation that defines the CSP's process for validating secure configurations and documentation of its operational practices that are being applied to its virtual host systems and hypervisors, pre and postproduction, including evidence of system logs Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Have all policies been assigned to an owner responsible for review and approve periodically? Response to customer question:Yes<p>Each policy is assigned to a departmental owner responsible to review and approve at least annually.</p>
Question posed by client business:Describe how the process is managed including alterting, log review, signature updates, and threat analysis? Response to customer question:Dedicated Security/IP Compliance team manages, responds to alerts and investigates.
Question posed by client business:8.2 Are there physical security controls for all secured facilities e.g., data centers, office buildings?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:10.29 Are user IDs and passwords communicated/distributed via separate media e.g., e-mail and phone? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are all logon events logged and auditable? Response to customer question:Yes. Security logging is enabled on applicable devices and logon activity is monitored, audited and alerted against.
Question posed by client business:Documentation regarding the process for monitoring and reviewing user access rights Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Explain how the deployment of cryptographic solutions (where used) is approved, documented and managed, including key management controls governing the lifecycle of cryptographic keys.  Describe any enterprise-wide deployments of cryptography (e.g. PKI) and any additional controls applied. Response to customer question:For any web servers requiring encryption, RSI utilizes 128bit SSL with Thawts as the CA. Revocation in annual.  For selected internal encrypted connections, RSI utilizes Microsoft based PKI.
Question posed by client business:Include details of security specific education/training provided to key individuals to ensure that information security responsibilities and controls are complied with across the 3rd party organisation. Response to customer question:All employees receive applicable training during the HR Onboarding process. Global Security Risk and Compliance also provides ongoing Security Awareness training and ISMS training for applicable personnel.
Question posed by client business:Can you provide stats on service up-time? Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street is not a cloud hosting or application services company.  Rimini Street provides support services, and our engineering support is available 24/7/365.  Any additional support requirements would be defined in our Service Level Agreement (""SLA"") with the client.
Question posed by client business:A copy of its secure code review process Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:What client/workstation operating systems are used at your company? Response to customer question:Windows 7 Enterprise, Windows 10 Enterprise, OSX El Capitan.
Question posed by client business:Confirm how the integrity and confidentiality of any related data is protected when transmitted to and/or from or any other third party.  Please confirm how the data is transferred (e.g. electronic file transfer such as FTP, HTTP connection protected by SSL, physical media such as CD or computer tape transported via courier) Response to customer question:Rimini Staff do not access confidential customer data in the systems that we are contracted to support. All services are performed through the client?s dev/test environment, unless otherwise specified in a specific SOW.
Question posed by client business:A copy of the formal criteria and methodology used to identify the inherent risk associated to a subcontractor Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:In the case of a security breach or unexpected exposure of customer data, do you have documented incident response procedures? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street currently maintains a staffed and ISO 27001:2015 certified Security Incident Response Program (SIRT), with detailed roles and responsibilities, available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.  If an incident were to ever occur, our policies define the conditions under which security incidents will be responded to and what expected remediation time frames are acceptable for specific types of incidents.
Question posed by client business:CJIS (Criminal Justice Information System) Response to customer question:Is not applicable to RSI as we don't and won't access Criminal Justice Information.  That being said, we do comply with specific control requirements (ISO 27001).
Question posed by client business:Is there Privacy Policy for the company's offline activities that involve PII collection, storage, use, sharing and retention/destruction (if different than web policy) Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are all new systems installed in the live environment in accordance with a documented installation process? Response to customer question:Yes. All systems are installed utilizing vendor defined best practices and specific configurations defined in development.
Question posed by client business:Do you automatically encrypt all data copied to mobile media (laptops, USB devices, CDs\DVDs, PDAs, etc) Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is anti-virus software installed and executing on all workstations and servers connected to the network? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:2.125 Documentation regarding the process for internal and/or external vulnerability scans on internal system components and networks, including the latest internal or external scan results Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Is there any other information that you can provide about the security testing of your infrastructure and/or product? Response to customer question:We can provide a letter of completion for the 3rd party pen testing's.
Question posed by client business:Have all items (regarding scanning any emails) being remediated and retested? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you have a designated individual who is responsible for compliance when contracting with business partners or other third parties? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:2.56 Documentation regarding the organization's policies, standards, procedures regarding the use of log on banners for accessing target systems, including the standard language used to convey obligations for access Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:2.28 Documentation regarding the organization's policies, standards or guidelines for environmental controls Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:In the event of a security breach, describe how you can enforce and attest to client data separation when producing data in response to legal subpoenas. Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street does not host any client environment data as part of the services.  Each client's data remains on that client's network.
Question posed by client business:Does the password policy require changing passwords when there is an indication of possible system or password compromise? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does Rimini Street have any ESG or Environmental and Sustainability Guidelines? Response to customer question:Rimini Street understands that environmental sustainability is a key component of our corporate social responsibility, and it is our goal to keep our own impact on the environment to a minimum by conducting environmentally-friendly, professional and safe operations.  This includes conserving scarce resources such as energy and water, reducing waste, and periodically assessing our operations and business processes in order to mitigate potentially adverse environmental impacts.  Our approach to sustainable development extends to the management of our company, the operation of our buildings and facilities, the procurement of resources from our suppliers, and the provision of services to our clients.  As a service-based company that does not manufacture goods or own any real property, we already have a relatively low environmental impact. Further, as an international company that operates in multiple countries and serves disparate markets, we recognize that it is neither reasonable nor practical to expect that every one of our operations will implement the same set of environmental management practices.  However, we also recognize that we can achieve our greatest impact when all of our local operations are aligned to the same priorities. These guidelines are intended to provide a framework that defines our organization?s environmental priorities and allows each local office location to make reasonable choices to operate within the spirit of that framework while complying with applicable environmental regulations.
Question posed by client business:Does your organization perform vulnerability management assessments on internal facing assets? Response to customer question:Yes. Annually
Question posed by client business:how the sFTP server authenticates (e.g. Key based authentication, User ID / Password, etc) Response to customer question:All user accounts are managed and authenticated through Active Directory
Question posed by client business:Does the password policy define requirements for provisioning and resetting passwords?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:3.7 Is there a documented third party risk management program in place for the selection, oversight and risk assessment of Subcontractors e.g., service providers, dependent service providers, sub-processors?   * Response to customer question:Yes<p>Rimini Street manages third party risk in accordance with:</p><ul><li>ISO 27001:2013 certification</li><li>APEC CBPR certification</li><li>US Department of Justice guidelines</li><li>Compliance with the requirements of GDPR and global privacy laws</li><li>OFAC sanctions checks</li><li>SOC standards</li></ul><p><br /></p>
Question posed by client business:Is application development performed? If yes, are developers permitted to: Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Please explain Rimini Street's general approach to security. Response to customer question:Rimini Street understands that information security is of critical concern to our clients and  prospective clients, and for that reason it has been, and continues to be, a top priority for Rimini Street.  Information security and data privacy issues receive the highest level of executive attention and commitment within our company to ensure the integrity of our services, the safeguarding of information, and the continued protection of our clients and other third parties with whom we work.    Rimini Street?s Information Security Management System (ISMS) is ISO 27001 certified.  ISO 27001 certification means Rimini Street has implemented extensive security and compliance related policies, procedures and controls in accordance with the International standard to ensure that appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards are in place.  Rimini Street?s safeguards are consistent with requirements for the protection of sensitive data as set forth in applicable laws and regulations.    Rimini Street is also ISO9001 certified and heavily utilizes its ISO 9001 certified Quality Management System to integrate and manage our extensive set of detailed business and service delivery processes.  To ensure that only authorized personnel can access customer network infrastructure, Rimini Street utilizes various tools, design principles, and technologies such as encrypted, firewalled, and restricted VPN connections. Customer networks are only accessed from dedicated, client specific gateways that are centrally hosted and managed in our datacenters. Rimini Street has very clear policies regarding the access of customer network resources and restricted controls in place to prevent unauthorized access.  Rimini Street also has auditing processes in place to monitor and limit such access.  Rimini Street neither needs nor wants access to customer production data including personally identifiable information or protected health information in the performance of its services to clients.  Rimini Street support is also provided in such a manner that such customer production data, should not accessible to Rimini Street personnel.
Question posed by client business:9.8 Are new, upgraded or enhanced systems required to include a determination of security requirements based on the sensitivity of the data? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there a formal Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process?   * Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:Do you have a chief privacy officer or equivalent? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does the Human Resource policy include a disciplinary process for non-compliance? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:In event of a security breach, how do you make security incident information available to all affected clients? Response to customer question:Rimini Street's ISO 27001:2015 certified Incident Management Program (IMP) calls for immediate notification for active incidents that could possibly effect the client.  Typically notification is provided by the Primary Support Engineer and/or Account Manager, or in the case of a necessary mass notification, it would be to the primary account contact(s).  Rimini Street would work with the client and provide timely updates on remediation efforts.
Question posed by client business:Do you currently have a policy or standard operating procedure which requires you to notify customers when vulnerabilities which affect them are identified and?remediated? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Would you be prepared to undergo an audit by our quality representative? Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street  would direct our clients to our existing third party audit results from our ISO 27001 and ISO 9001 certifications. RSI may agree to support an audit under the future commercial services agreement provided certain conditions are agreed.  Please see our attached audit report and related documentation.
Question posed by client business:Will any services provided to Medtronic be sub-contracted to an additional vendor? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Please describe your training requirements for application development staff to ensure they remain up-to-date on secure coding techniques? Does your staff perform all coding or is it pulled from other sources? Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street will not be providing any coding services.
Question posed by client business:Is there logging of the Administrative Privileged Use Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there a process for communicating the privacy policy and all relevant SOPs to all employees that handle or have access PII? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How many servers does Rimini Street have? Response to customer question:1000
Question posed by client business:Describe the protective measure in place to safeguard E-mail systems (include details of policy, awareness, procedural and technical security controls). Response to customer question:Electronic Communication is covered in the Security Awareness Training program.
Question posed by client business:Can Rimini Support engineers with access to PHI data be limited to using onshore resources? Response to customer question:Yes, Rimini Street can agree to limit engineers to only be residents of certain locales, with the understanding that this may affect responsiveness during non-business hours if time zone coverage is affected.
Question posed by client business:Will Medtronic representative(s) be notified of a disaster declaration immediately? Response to customer question:No.Client will be notified promptly, but without undue delay.
Question posed by client business:Describe any specific activities undertaken, such as an induction and ongoing security awareness programme, to promote security awareness to all individuals who have access to the information and systems in the organisation. Response to customer question:All employees receive applicable training during the HR Onboarding process. Global Security Risk and Compliance also provides ongoing Security Awareness training and ISMS training for applicable personnel.
Question posed by client business:From the time a patch is released, how long does it take to deploy it to applicable computers/servers? Response to customer question:Workstations are patched within 5 business days and servers within 15 business days.  Compliance is audited and reported on a monthly basis.
Question posed by client business:Is there a forced password change after the initial login? Response to customer question:No.Users are guided (initial training) through the password change process
Question posed by client business:Does the organisation have a documented information security policy? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street has policies necessary to implement ISO 27001 ISMS.
Question posed by client business:Where is Unum information collected \ stored? Response to customer question:Please review our Privacy Information and Subprocessor List document available at all times in our Street Central client portal for detailed information.
Question posed by client business:Does your solution support the use of an HSM (Hardware Security Module)? Response to customer question:Not Applicable This is not applicable to our services.
Question posed by client business:Does the third-party owner have a SAS70 or equivalent certification? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street has ISO 27001 and ISO 9001 certifications.
Question posed by client business:Are the encryption keys centrally managed and controlled? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is Rimini Street Value Added Tax (VAT) Registered and in which countries? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street is only registered for VAT in Australia and Japan.  It is not registered in any other countries.
Question posed by client business:Will you share a copy of your SOPs or Standard Operating Procedures? Response to customer question:No.RSI does not share internal policies and procedures with external third parties
Question posed by client business:Has your company the defendant in a privacy lawsuit by private parties/counsel Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Do you conduct background checks of all personnel?  If so, please describe your process. Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street currently has and will continue to have a comprehensive background screening process for all its employees, which includes a federal criminal records search, a statewide criminal record search in those states which permit same, and a county criminal record search going back seven (7) years for misdemeanor and above offenses, a SSN Trace which also shows previous addresses, an educational and employment history verification, a National Sex Offender Registry check, a SSN Validation and a Global Sanctions and Enforcement check.  Rimini Street agrees that it will not assign Rimini Street personnel to provide Services who have a conviction of a felony in their background check.  For international employees, Rimini Street subjects each international employee to a background check to ensure that all employees are free of felonies and misdemeanors that involve sex crime, fraud or theft convictions.  Searches go back the past 7 years for the target country.  Background checks involve searches of the government proprietary database for criminal records. However, some countries have very specific laws and do not provide criminal information about their citizens.  To the extent applicable, Rimini Street will cause its search consultants to conduct searches in newspapers/media/periodicals for criminal records.  Rimini Street's third party vendor for this service is HireRight.
Question posed by client business:Do you rent, sell or share consumer or customer information with nonaffiliated third parties? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Is there a management process in place to identify, assess, test, and deploy appropriate security patches for network and security infrastructure? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you align with CVSS (Common Vulnerability Scoring System) standard? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street's ISO 27001 align with this standard (CVSS is industry standard and ISO vulnerability framework is based on that industry standard)
Question posed by client business:Do you have a defined process for processing eDiscovery requests on behalf of your customers? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are privacy monitoring activities conducted by internal auditors or other auditing professionals? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What is the frequency and method of training delivery for employees? Response to customer question:Upon hire and annually
Question posed by client business:Are you registered under E-Verify for Federal Work Authorization? Response to customer question:Yes. Federal Work Authorization User Identification Number (E-Verify): 818931 Date of Authorization: 10/8/14
Question posed by client business:Do you implement the principle of least privilege access? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street follows the principle of least privilege with respect to the management and allocation of accounts and associated access to RSI systems.  Highly privileged accounts in particular are subject to enhanced security controls, increased auditing and are subject to change management request and review prior to their provision. At all other times users are issued with individual accounts configured and aligned with their respective responsibilities.    Authentication and access controls where applicable are managed through active directory.  Access is requested, authorized, and revoked through the IT ticketing system.  Access to systems is audited and verified on a monthly basis.  Strict policies and procedures mandate the access of customer network resources, technical controls in place include audited processes to monitor and limit access; dedicated password policies that dictate the use of complex passwords, force frequent password changes, and do not allow the reuse of passwords within 24 expirations.  The off-boarding process includes revoking access to systems as well as the retrieval of data and devices through an automated system incorporating functions such as HR, Security, IT and local management.  To ensure that only authorized personnel can access customer network infrastructure, Rimini Street utilizes various tools, design principles, and technologies such as encryption techniques, firewalls, and restricted VPN connections, software such as Spector 360 can be used to monitor the engineer?s activities, as appropriate. Customer networks are only accessed from dedicated, client specific gateways that are centrally hosted, managed and secured in our collocated SuperNap Tier 5 Platinum certified datacenter. Access is monitored and audited from our Security Operations Center.
Question posed by client business:Do you have a Policy that prohibits copying sensitive personal information to mobile media (laptops, USB devices, CDs\DVDs, PDAs, etc) Response to customer question:Yes. Information classification and handling policy
Question posed by client business:Describe any alternative processing arrangements that have been established to address any catastrophic/long term loss of key processing/IT facilities. Response to customer question:As a part of the Rimini Street ISMS (Information Security Management System), Rimini Street has a full physical and environmental security policy which ensures that environmental controls are in place to prevent climate related events or natural disasters from disrupting Rimini Street?s abilities to provide client services.
Question posed by client business:Are workstation and server virus anti-virus software signatures updated automatically? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you rent, sell or share customer information with affiliated organizations? Response to customer question:No.
"As related to Infrastructure security: Do you restrict personnel access to all hypervisor management functions or administrative consoles for systems hosting virtualized systems based on the principle of least privilege and supported through technical controls (e.g., two-factor authentication, audit trails, IP address filtering, firewalls and TLS-encapsulated communications to the administrative consoles)? Please list which security systems are in place to protect access to virtualized assets. Response to customer question:Yes. Controls include Least privilege, Separate Admin & User accounts, Audit Trails, Change Management, IP filtering, Next Generation firewalls. Critical infrastructure is located in a Tier 5 Platinum colocation Switch data center.
Question posed by client business:Does your company have a formal crisis management process for privacy violations? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is a locked-out account unusable for at least 30 minutes? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are all users given information security awareness training periodically and if so, how often? Response to customer question:Yes. All Rimini Street engineers receive security awareness training upon hire/contract and annually thereafter; more often if there is a material change in content.  Additionally all personnel acknoweldge the Acceptable Use Policy annually at a minimum.
Question posed by client business:Do your security practices include behavioral analysis? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street has a centrally managed operations center where services are rendered from.  All traffic and data is isolated utilizing next generation firewall technology, IDS, and behavioral analysis technologies.
Question posed by client business:What is the citizenship status and/or geographic location of personnel who will be involved in the development, deployment, administration, or management of the Client infrastructure, data or services being provided?  Please describe the background check procedures for personnel. Response to customer question:Our support personnel are located in locations across the globe.  Background checks are conducted for all employees, consultants, temporary workers including criminal history check.
Question posed by client business:Describe the preventative and detective measures taken to protect buildings and key assets including computer equipment and staff against fire, flood, environmental and other natural hazards, or malicious attack/theft. Response to customer question:There are fire suppression systems and climate control systems in place.
Question posed by client business:Are passwords required to be at least 7 characters in length with strong password characteristics? (e.g., enforcing mixed case, numeric, and/or special characters, words not found in a dictionary, etc.) Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you currently require remote logical access to Client's network or applications to provide your service? Response to customer question:Yes. Up to the client but this is the preferred method of service delivery.
Question posed by client business:Is the non-disclosure agreement available to Medtronic upon request?(If so, please attach copies.) Response to customer question:NoThe agreements are confidential.  A description of general terms is available upon request.
Question posed by client business:Describe the scope of the penetration tests (in terms of both depth and width) and how the tests are applied to the systems used to provide services to customers. Response to customer question:Our annual third party penetration test includes our public facing systems, our data centers, and our marketing website.  Our data centers house the remote access systems we use to support customers.
Question posed by client business:Does your organization merge data log sources for granular analysis and alerting? Response to customer question:Not Applicable This is not applicable to our services.
Question posed by client business:What percentage of your workstations are laptops? Response to customer question:100%
Question posed by client business:Is Intrusion Prevention (IPS) installed and executing effectively? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Indicate what processes you have in place for the supply of IT services, documented instructions, management, operational procedures and processes for the overall infrastructure. Response to customer question:Rimini Street is a heavily process oriented organization having successfully implemented and certified both the ISO9001 (QMS) standard and the ISO27001 (ISMS) standard. These standards enable Rimini Street?s consistent and reliable delivery of services in a secure manner; all while ensuring the client compliance initiatives are not impacted.  These standards also ensure that RSI has the ability to scale and adapt to business and security challenges for the foreseeble future.
Question posed by client business:Is there anything else you would like us to know about your security program? Response to customer question:We are ISO 27001 certified and can provide our certification.
Question posed by client business:Will client be notified immediately if an incident occurs that may affect its data or services? Response to customer question:No.Client will be notified promptly, but without undue delay.
Question posed by client business:Would it be possible to have a client specific sFTP server configured? Response to customer question:NoThere is no production data stored, processed, or transferred through this system, the utilization of existing security controls utilized through the ISO 27001 certified ISMS, will ensure the safest management of this information.
Question posed by client business:Describe how the information security status of critical IT environments, applications, computer installations, networks and systems development activity is currently assessed (e.g. independent and regular security audits, SAS70 audits, ISO standards accreditations, penetration test reports). Response to customer question:Rimini Street has implemented ISO 27001 and completed certification.  Per the Rimini Street ISO 27001 certified ISMS, penetration tests are performed annually at a minimum.
Question posed by client business:Is your company regulated by a government regulatory agency (i.e.:  OCC, FRB, FDIC, SEC, NASD, OTS, State Insurance Commissioner)? Response to customer question:Yes. We are subject to relevant laws and enforcement agencies in each jurisdiction where we operate or serve clients.
Question posed by client business:Do you attempt to comply with global privacy and data protection standards? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What is ISO? Response to customer question:ISO is the International Organization for Standards and ISO 27001 is the international standard utilized in the management of Information Security Management Systems (ISMS). It is the most comprehensive security and risk management standard in the world.
Question posed by client business:Do you currently assert information security contract clauses with the vendors you work with? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Can security-related logs be made available to Medtronic if requested?  If Yes, how long is the log-retention period? Response to customer question:No.Per the ISO27001 certified ISMS, device logs are restricted to internal use only and are not shared with third parties
Question posed by client business:Do you have a program in place, including training and contract provisions with audit rights, to ensure that all business partners and their agents that have access to PII protect PII in a manner at least equivalent to the manner in which Vendor is obligated in its contract with Unum to protect PII? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there a computer security incident response process in place to define roles and responsibilities to minimize an incident?s impact? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Confirm that the full range of general security controls are considered when designing systems and applications under development, and required controls identified. Response to customer question:Yes. Per ISO 27001 certification.
Question posed by client business:Can your organization's systems support single sign-on via LDAP/ADFS or to allow Brookfield Properties to centrally manage end user accounts: Response to customer question:Not Applicable This is not applicable to our services.
Question posed by client business:Since the sFTP server is public what has been done to the server to ensure unauthorized access to client accounts? Response to customer question:The SFTP server has been fully hardened against ISO27001 guidelines with full monitoring and IDS/IPS per the Rimini Street ISO 27001 certified ISMS (Information Security Management System)
Question posed by client business:Documentation regarding the delivery and schedule of privacy awareness training to the organization and its constituents Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Do you ensure all users read and acknowledge these security policies? Response to customer question:Yes. All applicable personnel are required to read and acknowledge the security policies annually at a minimum.
Question posed by client business:2.100 Documentation of the policies and procedures for end user device log on activity logging, including a sample activity log or screen shot that shows logging of end user device access Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Access control policy and procedure for privileged accounts Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Policies and procedures related to its firewall rule change management Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Describe the approach taken to ensure rigorous acceptance testing is performed. Response to customer question:All implementations are managed as projects with oversight and review performed by IT and Global Security management. Acceptance terms are defined on a project by basis. All requirements must be met, and results are analysed and review during a change control session by representatives from Global Security and I.T. prior to approval for promotion into production.
Question posed by client business:Process for granting customer user access Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:How do you protect the security of your VPN Connection Response to customer question:To ensure that only authorized personnel can access customer network infrastructure, Rimini Street utilizes various tools, design principles, and technologies such as encrypted, firewalled, and restricted VPN connections. Customer networks are only accessed from dedicated, client specific gateways that are centrally hosted and managed in our datacenters. Rimini Street has very clear policies regarding the access of customer network resources and restricted controls in place to prevent unauthorized access. Rimini Street also has auditing processes in place to monitor and limit such access.
Question posed by client business:What is Rimini Street's NAICS number (National American Industry Classification System)? Response to customer question:541512
Question posed by client business:Does the password policy require initial and temporary passwords to be changed upon next login? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does the third party risk management program require Confidentiality and/or Non-Disclosure Agreements from Subcontractors? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Documentation of the organization's information security standards Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:What is the frequency and method of training delivery for temporary workers? Response to customer question:Upon hire and annually
Question posed by client business:Do contracts with all subcontractors include data breach notification? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Please describe how you connect to a client network. Response to customer question:Rimini Street has a clearly defined technical and procedural framework for managing the access of client network resources in order to provide support services. Secure client gateways are centrally hosted, managed virtual machines (VM) located within our U.S Tier 5 Platinum certified colocation center, thus providing the assurance of full compliance with Rimini Street?s ISO certified security policies and controls.   The favored support model for the provision of secure client services invokes the use of a P2P VPN connection, or alternatively and as the client?s requirements dictate, an SSL VPN connection provided by the client. In both instances, the client and Rimini Street work together to ensure that traffic is restricted to the required devices and services. This provides the client with a simple, efficient and secure mechanism to address even the strictest compliance requirements. In a typical operational scenario, the assigned PSE connects to a client dedicated virtual machine (client gateway) within the secure Rimini Street private network. From the client gateway, the engineer connects via RDP to a client provided server or workstation over the client specific VPN, thus ensuring the required support services are always provided from within the clients own network  It is important to note:  ? A network connection is only ever established in support of a case logged by the client. ? Client production systems are not accessed.  ? Access is controlled and restricted to a specific group of named engineers.   Rimini Street works with numerous connectivity solutions with our clients including: - Site to Site IPSEC tunnel - Cisco VPN Client - Secure Portal Access to Jump server/workstation - Secure Portal Access to Citrix Server Farm - Multi-Factor Authentication - RSA Hard Token - Multi-Factor Authentication - RSA Soft Token - Multi-Factor Authentication - SafeNet MobilePass  All changes in resource requirements are managed through an ISO 9001-certified process, designed to ensure access is limited to authorized personnel located in the various geographic locations. This includes requests for new or modified access and disabling of accounts/machines during employee off-boarding.   Rimini Street will, on request and as the client requires, implement restrictions on the location or nationality of the assigned support engineers.  To ensure the continued effectiveness and security of its support operations, Rimini Street continually monitors key systems and platforms for performance and/or changes with real-time full alerting and logging for analysis, utilizing multiple industry leading tools. This is further supported with the generation of key supporting metrics and the performance of monthly, quarterly, semi-annual, and annual audits, where appropriate.
Question posed by client business:Please provide a list of major software used for support and development Response to customer question:Please review our Privacy Information and Subprocessor List document, which lists all tools used for support.
Question posed by client business:7.1 Are Human Resource policies approved by management, communicated to Constituents and an owner to maintain and review?   * Response to customer question:Yes<p>The employee handbook, the Acceptable Use Policy, privacy policies applicable to employees, and other policies are all managed strictly in compliance with ISO 9001:2015 and ISO 27001:2013 certified policy management.</p>
Question posed by client business:What software or company do you use for vulnerability scans? Response to customer question:Tenable.io
Question posed by client business:Are encryption keys generated in a manner consistent with key management industry standards? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Date of Response (Import expects YYYY-MM-DD format) Response to customer question:12/10/21
Question posed by client business:Is Rimini Street APEC CBPR certified? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street also maintains certification in the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules, demonstrating compliance with a set of privacy practices that are recognized by multiple governments around the Pacific, including the? USA, Mexico, Japan, Canada, Singapore, Republic of Korea, Australia and Chinese Taipei, to provide meaningful protection for the privacy and security of personal data under Rimini Street?s control.Rimini Street?s global privacy program applies a comprehensive framework built upon constant assessment of U.S. and international laws in interpreted in light of such principles as accountability, fairness and transparency, accuracy and integrity, data minimization, limited storage, and security.This framework is reduced to practice through training, policies, and procedures and reinforced by their alignment with our corporate values and customer-centrism.Rimini Street protects customer data and its own data through ISO 27001-certified practices for security.  ISO 27001 is a rigorous and formal suite of activities concerning the management of information risk with an overarching management framework through which Rimini Street identifies, analyzes, and addresses information risks.  ISO 27001 certification has increasingly become a requirement for doing business with many enterprises. Both public and private sector organizations are placing a high priority on hardening their internal information security and management systems and are setting a requirement that their service providers be ISO 27001 certified before qualifying as a trusted service provider.  ISO 27001 compliance and certification ensures that the Rimini Street?s technical and organizational measures are fine-tuned to keep pace with changes to security threats, vulnerabilities and business impacts encountered.
Question posed by client business:Does your company require business partners to comply with its privacy policy? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are all of the employees aware of the Disaster Recovery plan and prepared to execute it successfully? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What deployment models are provided (select all that apply): ( Response to customer question:Private cloud
Question posed by client business:Does the 3rd party keep an up to date asset register of its equipments including Hardware and Software? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does the company have a formal process for determining how to enforce privacy violations? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:2.66 Documentation regarding the policies and procedures for performing security reviews on externally developed applications, including a list of externally developed applications that process, store or transmit scoped data Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:A list of the critical subcontractors and evidence of the execution of the standard contract provisions and the master services agreements in place for identified critical subcontractor relationships that are required for the delivery of the services Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Are visitors permitted in the facility? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are there logical and physical controls in the network infrastructure to isolate or otherwise restrict access to sensitive network segments or applications (e.g., dedicated e-commerce infrastructure)? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Please provide details on current outsourcing arrangements (Hardware, support,?), if applicable Response to customer question:Please review our Privacy Information and Subprocessor List document, which lists all tools used for support.
Question posed by client business:8.1 Is there a physical security program approved by management, communicated to constituents, and has an owner been assigned to maintain and review?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Documentation regarding its system monitoring process Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Is privacy training mandatory for key employees (those who handle sensitive information)? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there segregation of duties for granting access and approving access to Scoped Systems and Data? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are Constituents able to access Scoped Data? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Have there been specific complaints made to your company, involving uses of personal information/compliance with privacy policies Response to customer question:Yes. We have received typical data subject requets for information, access, and deletion and complied with them.
Question posed by client business:A copy of the security production monitoring process Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:8.4 Do the physical security controls include entry and exit doors alarmed (forced entry, propped open) and/or monitored by security guards? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Documentation regarding the process for managing anti-virus definition files for workstations Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:What controls are in place to prevent these individuals or entities from misusing or mishandling client Information? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Documentation that defines the requirements for the assessment process that is in place to manage information security of its subcontractors Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Have all information security policies and standards been reviewed in the last 12 months? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are there procedures for employees to report and respond to (suspected) information security policy violations? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are employees permitted to do work (other than brower-based email) on computers no owned by your company? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Does your organization have a documented SLA for the disaster recovery of the business processes that support clients?  If yes, what is that SLA? Response to customer question:Yes. As per ISO 27001 doumented IT DR plans with RTO/RPOs & BC plans for business continutiy.
Question posed by client business:Name of the holding or parent company Response to customer question:<p>Rimini Street, Inc.</p>
Question posed by client business:Is Scoped Data sent or received electronically?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:A copy of the organization?s security awareness training program and a listing of its current constituents Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:What technical controls are implemented to prevent local printing? Response to customer question:Employees can print locally but cannot print from the VM?s that connect to client networks. That is disabled through a GPO in Active Directory.
Question posed by client business:6.1 Is there an asset management program approved by management, communicated to constituents and an owner to maintain and review?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are all wireless LAN segments secured to allow only controlled authenticated and authorized access? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How frequently does your organization review user's accounts for appropriateness based on one's job responsibilities? Response to customer question:System user accounts in AD monthly.  Across applications it is tiered dependent upon applied criticality rating, Tier 1 - quarterly, Tier 2 - 6 months, Tier 3 - annually.
Question posed by client business:Does Scoped Data sent or received electronically include protection against malicious code by network virus inspection or virus scan at the endpoint? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:2.87 A copy of its business resiliency policy, as well as the documentation detailing business resiliency roles and responsibilities, processes and management reporting Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Are client monthly backup tapes available to be restored for at least seven years? Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street does not access or manage date from systems that we are contracted to support when providing client services, unless an SOW specifically contemplates such access.
Question posed by client business:Is there segregation of duties for approving and implementing access requests for Scoped Systems and Data? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are responsibilities for asset protection and for carrying out specific information security processes clearly identified and communicated to the relevant parties? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:10.26 Does the password policy prohibit including unencrypted passwords in automated logon processes e.g., stored in a macro or function key? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Has your company received an award or recognition from a private or governmental organization for the company?s privacy policies or position Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Is privacy training available to business partners and temporary workers? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does your company require approval prior to submitting the responses and documentation associated with this questionnaire? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How does Rimini Street deal with export laws and International Transactions Data? Response to customer question:Client understands that Supplier will not be processing any International Transactions Data as part of the Services and shall not place any ITD in the dev/test environment where Supplier will be performing the Services to avoid any violation of export control laws and regulations.
Question posed by client business:Is access to systems that store or process scoped data limited? Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:Documentation regarding the policies and procedures for asset destruction and secure disposal Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Does Constituent background screening criteria include Criminal screening? Response to customer question:Yes<p>Employees have criminal, education &amp; employment background checks completed.&nbsp;</p>
Question posed by client business:Does the change control process include a formal process to ensure clients are notified prior to changes being made which may impact their service? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:2.59 Documents that define the organization's SDLC requirements, criteria and the process to conduct security reviews Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Describe your telecommunication link and security protocols regarding points of entries, firewalls, servers, Anti-virus. Response to customer question:Rimini Street has next generation firewalls at all locations, centrally managed and deployed anti-malware, system management, and patching tools.
Question posed by client business:When client requests a warranty that we won't introduce a virus and rejects our standard language Response to customer question:All reasonable measures based on industry established good practices.
Question posed by client business:Documentation regarding the organization's privacy impact assessment process or policies/procedures that demonstrate how privacy requirements are addressed based on changes to the internal or external environment Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Confirm that all staff who are terminated or leave the company undergo an exit review to endorse confidentiality agreements and ensure all equipment, media and documentation are returned Response to customer question:Yes. All access is terminated immediately for staff whose employment is terminated for any reason.
Question posed by client business:Documented process for DoS protection Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:How does Rimini Street protect against Ransomware? Response to customer question:Forefront Endpoint Protection, Proofpoint on email, Druva for backups, Reuters awareness training, ISO 27001:2015 certified Incident response process
Question posed by client business:2.128 A copy of the current, approved system configuration and hardening standards for each type of operating system in use for workstations, servers and network devices Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:What cloud model is being used?  (public/private/community, IaaS/PaaS/SaaS) Response to customer question:Private
Question posed by client business:A copy of its procedures related to the use and protection of production data being utilized in the test environment(s) Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Did the penetration test cover vendors that are significant to your company operations? Response to customer question:Yes. Where vendors are providing an important operational aspect of Rimini Street systems, such as a SaaS service within the appropriate scope of the test, the penetration test includes such components.
Question posed by client business:Has an independent privacy audit been conducted within the last two years? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does Rimini Street have a policy exception process? Response to customer question:Yes, at the ISO level and locally
Question posed by client business:Explain the process used to create virtual machine images for customers. Response to customer question:Virtual machines are created in vSphere with our server templates. These templates are all flavors of Windows, and are updated monthly with Windows / System Center Endpoint Protection AV updates.
Question posed by client business:2.46 A copy of the current, approved logical access policy Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Is client data backed up to tape and stored off-site at a secure facility (i.e., fire detection and suppression, climate control, secured access, UPS, etc.) at least twenty miles away from the primary data processing location? Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street does not access or manage client data when providing client services.
Question posed by client business:Is there a secure secondary recovery site for recovery and continuity? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does the team engage in incident response exercises? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Is there a process to identify and manage the risk response and treatment of risks? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:A copy of the organization?s risk classification process Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Obtain the policies/procedures related to change management. Include a recent copy of the master change log for all target systems for the past six months Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Is there logging of the Application Response to customer question:Yes. Where applicable
Question posed by client business:Is there logging of the System Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do contracts with all subcontractors include termination/exit clause? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:2.17 Documentation regarding the policies, procedures and logs used for tracking inbound and outbound media shipments Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Does your company outsource any of its processing or IT support? If yes, please identify service providers who will access our information. Response to customer question:Yes. Client environment data is never downloaded, stored, processed, or used.  Support communications are processed in support platforms that are disclosed in the Privacy Information documentation available at all times in the Street Central portal.
Question posed by client business:3.2 Does the risk governance plan include risk management policies, procedures, and internal controls? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Describe any Intrusion Detection Systems deployed to identify suspected or actual malicious attacks, or any Intrusion Prevention Systems in place to prevent malicious attacks. Response to customer question:Rimini Street utilizes network intrusion detection solutions to reduce the risk of malicious activity.  Rimini Street?s internal audit department performs extensive, ongoing internal audits to ensure compliance with our processes and policies. 1) Rimini Street IDS allows for intrusion detection signature updates  2) Rimini Street IDS documents the conditions & frequencies in which the signatures are updated via automatic updates.  3) Custodians are alerted via messaging and syslog alerting when intrusions are detected by the IDS. 4) Full diagnostic logging of all intrusion and attack attempts.  All logs are also analyzed realtime by additional security and auditing platforms.   5) Information Technology is responsible for network and/or application based firewalls and intrusion detection devices with oversight & auditing performed by Global Security and Facilities and Ethics and Compliance.
Question posed by client business:Documentation regarding the organization?s problem management life cycle and ticketing system framework Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Is there a Privacy Notice and/or Privacy Policy on the company?s website(s) Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:A copy of its business interruption insurance policy declaration pages Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:What technical controls are implemented to prevent writing to portable storage devices? Response to customer question:Portable storage devices are disabled at the VM level. We just don?t enable users to enable external (or other internal) drive features. This is done through Group Membership in Active Directory, and requisite permissions on the containing folder level of the VM?s. There is also a GPO in Active Directory that disables clipboard access to and from the dedicated VM?s that access client networks/environments.
Question posed by client business:Do you currently support OpenID (Client preferred, see?http://code.Client.com/apis/accounts/docs/OpenID.html)? Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:Describe controls in place that ensure network devices are configured to function as required, and to prevent unauthorised or incorrect access. Response to customer question:RSI utilizes multiple IPS and security platforms to actively protect internal and external facing traffic.  To detect unauthorized configuration Rimini Street uses a monitoring service as well as Exabeam..  All traffic is isolated and passed through multiple inspection systems. Alerting is managed by Information Technology with oversight, utilization, and validation provided by Global Security, Risk & Compliance.
Question posed by client business:What business functions will be performed and what specific types of client Information that will be shared. Response to customer question:Rimini Street provides party support and maintenance of database platforms.  No information from these databases is shared.
Question posed by client business:Provide details of the organisation's processes to control changes (including patches and emergency fixes) to applications, computer installation and network. Response to customer question:Rimini Street constantly monitors vendor sites and industry recognized mailing lists for security vulnerabilities in the products and tools that Rimini Street utilizes. Workstations are patched within 5 business days and servers within 15 business days. Compliance is audited and reported on a monthly basis.  Rimini Street utilizes a centrally managed antimalware platform that updates systems up to several times a day.
Question posed by client business:Is there a process to ensure granted access rights adjust to role changes and/or role terminations? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do your security practices include File integrity monitoring? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street utilizes Exabeam for SIEM capabilities and retention.
Question posed by client business:Is there a process for reviewing access?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:2.130 Documentation on the company's governance process for cloud hosting, including the internal and external audit assurance responsibilities, the Cloud Hosting Provider?s independent audit reports (e.g., Service Operational Control?SOC, ISO Certification) for their cloud hosting services and any CSP audit program documentation Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Are user access rights reviewed periodically?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does the password policy require a minimum password length of at least eight characters? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are there physical access controls that include restricted access and logs kept of all access?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Providing ongoing Information Security and Privacy awareness, education, and training for all new and existing employees Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are management approved operating procedures utilized? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are security-related logs from key network and security infrastructure devices aggregated? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Has the organisation suffered any security incidents in the last 12 months Response to customer question:Yes. Events that may be security incidents occur on a regular basis and are actively monitored.  There have been no security incidents leading to data breaches.
Question posed by client business:2.112 Compliance documentation regarding its client-scoped privacy data inventory, the data flow, in scope privacy regulatory jurisdictions, privacy policy and procedures, including any data classification policy or procedures Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:A copy of its QA_UAT process Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Which system and/or application components (e.g., Web servers, application servers, databases including vendor and version) are virtualized? Response to customer question:All components (SQL 2008 / 2012 database servers, app servers, etc) are virtualized. We do not host in-house web servers.
Question posed by client business:Please list all methods used for Rimini Street business devices to connect to your network or receive data from your network. Response to customer question:Personal machines for employees: Outlook Web Access (OWA) allows retrieving of Email data from a secure web browser.   Personal machines for contractors: Contractors use SSL VPN to reach their corporate issued virtual workstation housed in an RSI datacenter. OWA is also allowed on the personal machine.   Corporate issued iPhones: ActiveSync allows Email, contacts and calendar data to be retrieved on the device. IT approves all devices and can wipe them remotely as needed.   Personal cell phones: Not allowed to connect using ActiveSync but can use a web browser to login to OWA.  Web browsers on personal devices: OWA is allowed.
Question posed by client business:Is there a formalized risk governance plan that defines the Enterprise Risk Management program requirements?   * Response to customer question:Yes<p>Rimini Street is audited and certified under ISO 27001:2013 and ISO 9001:2015.</p>
Question posed by client business:2.58 All policies, standards and procedures related to SDLC controls Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Please describe your process for patching systems and network components. Response to customer question:All systems are managed and patched through the Rimini Street ISO27001 certified Information Security Management System (ISMS).
Question posed by client business:Do systems and network devices utilize a common time synchronization service? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How is are the credentials protected within the application?  (e.g. Salted Hash, MD5 hash, other) (Use Comment Field) Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street does not develop applications
Question posed by client business:Documentation of its post incident process Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:If transport-level encryption is used, is 128-bit SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) the minimum technique used? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does the password policy require initial and temporary passwords to be random and complex? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are all employees and contractors required to sign a non-disclosure agreement? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is the internet connection business-class and fault-tolerant? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Documentation validating the containment strategy employed by the information security/information technology incident management program for the organization Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Is there a process to automatically detect and respond to suspicious activity on the networks? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is an Intrusion Detection System (IDS) used?  Please describe monitoring processes and analysis methods. Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street has site based IDS/IPS at each facility and Host Based IDS/IPS on all applicable systems.
Question posed by client business:Are physical assets tracked throughout their lifecycle? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:2.63 Documentation regarding the policies and procedures for performing a privacy impact assessment, including the lists of projects in development or completed in the last 12 months. Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Are the primary and secondary site located in secure, business-grade facilities? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Documentation of its policy and procedures for inspecting and testing its fire and security alarms and environmental control monitoring systems Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Are backup tapes encrypted? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How is it ensured that host systems are configured and maintained to function as required, and to prevent unauthorised or incorrect updates? Response to customer question:To ensure that only authorized personnel can access customer network infrastructure, Rimini Street utilizes various tools, design principles, and technologies such as encrypted, firewalled, and restricted VPN connections. Customer networks are only accessed from dedicated, client specific gateways that are centrally hosted and managed in our datacenters. Rimini Street has very clear policies regarding the access of customer network resources and restricted controls in place to prevent unauthorized access. Rimini Street also has auditing processes in place to monitor and limit such access
Question posed by client business:Is it possible to federate identities for the client in software development? Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street does not develop applications
Question posed by client business:Are passwords used?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:2.122 Documentation that includes policies, procedures or standards that address the deployment of controls for anti-malware, including the current settings and definitions for each product Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Are trans-border data flows evaluated for compliance with national privacy laws? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Please provide an overview of your Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process. Please describe your process for QA testing, version control, security testing, code review, etc. Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street will not be providing any software development.
Question posed by client business:Do your security practices include vulnerability scanning? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street utilizes Optiv for its independent third party administrator of penetration testing conducted annually on our system.  In addition, Rimini Street has the ability to perform targeted vulnerability testing in house managed by our IT Security team.
Question posed by client business:Is any function under the contract to be performed by sub-contratcors and\or business partners? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Will you sign a BAA? Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street does not use or disclose PHI in the provision of Services and will remain responsible for the privacy and security of all data that it may have access to and we do not download or store any client environment data.  Signing a BAA would misrepresent the nature of Rimini Street's services to the detriment of both parties.  We are willing to enter into privacy and security protective terms that will ensure very similar rights for the client, however references to HIPAA represent Rimini Street as a user or disclosure of Protect Health Information and would indicate to a regulatory that client is disclosing PHI, and this is not factually what would be happening.
Question posed by client business:Do you normally hold copies of your products design and all necessary code and documentation in Escrow? Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street provides third party enterprise software support (break/fix) via a secure remote delivery model. Rimini Street is not a commercial software developer.
Question posed by client business:Do you currently have the ability to accept a contract from Client asserting information security contract clauses covering all questions asked in this questionnaire? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are remote users prevented from doing screen captures and saving them locally? Response to customer question:All Rimini Employees are allowed to perform screen captures. All employees undergo background, education, and work validation checks, sign non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements. All employees undergo security awareness training when they start employment and periodically (annual at a bare minimum) moving forward, and must pass quizzes to validate that they understand the materials. Part of their security awareness training includes that they shall not use screen captures of client resources. In fact they are also trained to alert the Rimini Street security team should a client send information back to Rimini Street, and security then archives said information in an isolated repository. These processes (and employee resources) are also audited in a strategic manner through the ISO27001 certified ISMS. Also key to this (as discussed during the security call on 3/30/2016) is that Rimini Street does track, honor, and audit against client compliance requirements, such as the ability to limit services and the corresponding support engineers to specific countries at the clients request.
Question posed by client business:How do you maintain a chain of custody in case there is a legal investigation? Response to customer question:Chain of custody is introduced for managing evidence from investigations.  Our investigators are qualified attorneys who incorporate such practices into their standard operating practices.
Question posed by client business:Do contracts with all subcontractors include breach of agreement terms? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is access controlled between the internal network and the Internet by ICSA-certified, single-purposed firewalls? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:2.92 Business resiliency exercise procedures and related reference information for critical systems, applications or business processes Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Is there a process to grant access rights to client information? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you conduct equipment tests that support Business Continuity Plans (mass notification systems, VPN, radios, satellite phones, etc.) Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street maintains a robust Employee Event Outreach program which is used daily to inform employees of events in their surrounding areas which may impact their ability to perform normal job functions. This system is also used when testing emergency evacuation plans and conducting the disaster recovery exercise.
Question posed by client business:Does the change control process include a scheduled maintenance window?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Please describe your change management policies and procedures. Please include a description of error tracking, change testing and approval processes. Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street will not be providing any coding services.
Question posed by client business:Explain briefly how the organisation's system development methodology is documented Response to customer question:Per ISO 27001 standards.
Question posed by client business:Do your security practices include Host-based intrusion prevention? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street has site based IDS/IPS at each facility and Host Based IDS/IPS on all applicable systems, including Palo Alto firewalls, Pulse Secure firewalls, and TMG/ISA servers.  In addition to IDS/IPS, Rimini Street utilizes monitoring platforms such as Exabeam, Solarwinds, and Nagios.  All systems  have real time alerting capabilities and all systems are audited monthly at a minimum.
Question posed by client business:What is your process for applying security patches to systems and managing anti-virus? Please specify how you keep current on security vulnerabilities and your process for testing patches. Please include a description of anti-virus software protection. Response to customer question:Rimini Street utilizes SCCM for deployment and monitoring of all security vulnerability patches and to deploy, update, and monitor the Forefront Endpoint Protection antimalware deployment.
Question posed by client business:Documentation regarding the process for maintenance of software application inventory and evidence of the software application inventory Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Financial details of computer equipment, servers, workstations (evergreening) Response to customer question:Rimini Street purchases (owns) all user work stations, network infrastructure, and server or any other applicable hard drives.  Server hardware (not including hard drives) are either leased or wholly owned.
Question posed by client business:Can constituents view an unencrypted version of regulated or confidential Information? Response to customer question:Yes<p>Constituents can view support tickets, business profile information and contact information necessary for the delivery of support services.  Constituents cannot view Data within a client&#39;s network environment.</p><p><br /></p><p>Some of this may be considered confidential information by the client and is protected as such.</p>
Question posed by client business:Will the results of penetration tests made available to clients for the relevant systems? Response to customer question:NoThe results of penetration testing is not shared with outside parties due to the sensitive nature contained in the results.  The external vendor found the audited network to be in good health.  A high level summary can be provided as needed.
Question posed by client business:Are network and infrastructure security patches assessed as ?critical? deployed in less than 5 days? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do physical access controls require reporting of lost or stolen access cards/keys? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you currently provide multiple administrative/privileged accounts? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Documentation on policy and procedures for end user security configuration standards Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Is application development performed? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Documentation related to the process for identifying incidents and the common attack vectors related to those incidents Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Does remote access use IPSec or 128-bit SSL encryption? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Assessee Job Title Response to customer question:<p>Contracts Compliance Analyst</p>
Question posed by client business:Does this SIG include Cloud Hosting services? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Do you outline roles and responsibilities in the contract specifying responsibilities during security incidents? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street currently maintains a staffed and ISO 27001:2015 certified Security Incident Response Program (SIRT), with detailed roles and responsibilities, available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.  If an incident were to ever occur, our policies define the conditions under which security incidents will be responded to and what expected remediation time frames are acceptable for specific types of incidents.
Question posed by client business:Are industry standard firewalls deployed? Please describe your network security infrastructure and include information on firewall access controls, hardware redundancy, monitoring and tracking of changes. Response to customer question:Yes. Palo Alto firewalls and Pulse Secure  SSL VPN?s are utilized by Rimini Street. All sites utilize failover architecture. All changes are logged, tracked, and reviewed through Exabeam.
Question posed by client business:Do you currently maintain logical and physical infrastructure capable of providing a usable product during sustained 100% bursts in legitimate utilization or sustained distributed denial of service attacks? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What procedures and technologies are you using to detect and prevent intrusions to your systems and to your networks? Response to customer question:Rimni Street employes a dedicated SOC team, a dedicated network security team, Palo Alto Next Gen Firewalls, and Pulse Secure VPN.
Question posed by client business:How will users authenticate to the Client network? Response to customer question:Rimini Street support engineers will authenticate using the mechanism supported and provided by client.
Question posed by client business:In the event of a security breach, describe how your incident response capability includes the collection and analysis of legally admissible forensic data Response to customer question:Rimini Street's incident response procedures are based on ISO27001.  If the severity was high, we would engage a reputable third party specialist to conduct the collection and analysis of legally admissible forensic data to ensure appropriate actions taken.
Question posed by client business:Describe any work area/business continuity plan and contingency arrangements (including testing) that are in place to prevent or recover from any significant disruption to the service(s) provided. Response to customer question:Rimini Street has a Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery plan that is tested at least once annually and components are reviewed periodically.
Question posed by client business:Do you ensure that the client  information will not be rented, sold or shared with affiliated organizations, business partners or third parties except as specifically directed by Unum? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you currently maintain logically and physically redundant network and host infrastructure supporting your product? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do contracts with all subcontractors include permitted use and limitations of use of confidential information? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Documents regarding the most recent crisis management and business continuity and disaster recovery plans Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Have you completed the Cloud Security Alliance STAR certification? Response to customer question:Not Applicable This is not applicable to our services.
Question posed by client business:Are all passwords required to change at least every 90 days? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Documentation regarding the organization's policies and procedures to encrypt wireless networks Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Provide details of how users are authenticated before being granted access to target systems (including privileged users and access to sensitive systems). Please also include control policies implemented (e.g. password  policy) Response to customer question:Rimini Street has a password policy in place that requires all users have unique and complex passwords for all support operations, however in regard to Capita production data this is not applicable as Rimini Street will not possess Capita's Production data.
Question posed by client business:Do you conduct background checks of all personnel?  If so, please describe your process. Response to customer question:Provider shall certify to IT&S and its agents that Provider currently has and will continue to have a commercially reasonable background screening process for all its employees, which includes a federal criminal records search, a statewide criminal record search in those states which permit same, and a county criminal record search going back seven (7) years for misdemeanor and above offenses, a social security number trace which also shows previous addresses, an educational verification, employment history verification and a Global Sanctions and Enforcement check.  Provider agrees that it will not assign Provider's personnel to work onsite at a client facility or have access to client data who have a conviction of a felony in their background check or that are ineligible to participate in any Federal Healthcare Program as described in Paragraph 11.5 of this Agreement  For international employees, Provider subjects each international employee to a background check to ensure that all employees are free of felonies and misdemeanors that involve sex crime, fraud or theft convictions.  Searches go back the past 7 years for the target country. Background checks involve searches of the government proprietary database for criminal records. However, some countries have very specific laws and do not provide criminal information about their citizens.  To the extent applicable, Provider will cause its search consultants to conduct searches in newspapers/media/periodicals for criminal records.    Such certification shall include the scope of the background screening for any personnel it assigns to provide Services under this Agreement or any applicable Statement of Work and shall include the dates the background screenings were completed and a list of all personnel on whom the background screening was performed.
Question posed by client business:2.126 Documentation regarding the process for conducting vulnerability testing and developing remediation plans for target systems, including test results from one external vulnerability scan report dated within the preceding two to six months Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Do you provide deliverables that would be considered intellectual property in the provision of services? Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street-We are not providing traditional consulting services that result in defined deliverables and, subsequently, milestone payments.  You have a warranty regarding the services.  You will be able to test any fixes made in the test and development environments and make the decisions about whether they should be migrated to the production environment.  If any issues remain, you can log another support call.
Question posed by client business:Do you have authentication mechanisms that will allow you to confirm the identity of individuals (including data subjects) who appropriately request access to their own data held by your company on behalf of Unum ? such as that data which must be provided pursuant to HIPAA and EU member states laws? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:2.42 Documentation regarding the organization's customer contact and communication process, including any specific SLAS or requirements Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:2.79 Documentation detailing resources and tools available for information security/information technology incident handling including recommended practices for securing networks, systems and applications Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:2.6 Documentation that defines the organization?s third party risk management program and assessment requirements (e.g., policies, standards, procedures). Documentation and evidence of the structure and maintenance of the organization's third party inventory and vendor classification Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:How do you manage vulnerability detection and software update distribution for computers & servers? Response to customer question:Rimini Street utilizes traffic detection via MS TMG and through our firewalls to detect potential viral or malware activity and shut down those corresponding streams.
Question posed by client business:Describe the preventative and detective access controls in place to prevent unauthorised access to buildings and sensitive areas such as data centres, comms rooms and key user areas. Response to customer question:All office buildings and data centers meet or exceed the requirements as defined in the ISO27001 standard.  Strict access control is utilized.
Question posed by client business:Describe the criteria that must be met before new systems are promoted into the live environment. Response to customer question:Systems must demonstrate in development full operational capabilities with and must meet or exceed all of the criteria defined within the project plan.
Question posed by client business:2.23 Documentation reflecting the current background investigation policy and procedures, including evidence of completion of background checks prior to employment. Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Are physical assets (e.g. harddrives, USB drives, Tapes, printer harddrives) destroyed when no longer in use (due to failure and/or retirement)?  If Yes, please describe How under""Comments"". Response to customer question:No.Hard disks are retained in secured facilities
Question posed by client business:Is there an asset Inventory list or configuration management Database (CMDB)? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are inactive Constituent user IDs disabled and deleted after defined periods of inactivity? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are there data integrity checks for both input and output built into the software in software development? Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street does not develop applications
Question posed by client business:Is Scoped Data sent or received via physical media? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Are background checks (including employment and criminal history) performed for new employees and contractors? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Policy and procedures for remote access Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:A copy of the inspection program documentation that encompasses the secure workspace and the current inspection reports Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Documentation of the policy and procedures for maintaining access logs including a sample of an access log within the last 90 days Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Describe how workstations (including laptops) are configured to protect against misuse or theft. Response to customer question:All laptops and workstation drives are encrypted with bitlocker. Data traversing networks is encrypted over IPSec VPN?s. User to network data transitions are encrypted over SSL VPNs. Backups are stored on encrypted media. Mobile messaging and email systems are encrypted.
Question posed by client business:Documentation of its procedures related to identifying and monitoring changes that could affect its internal controls and compliance obligations Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Documentation regarding the policies and procedures for deployment of IDS/IPS systems Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Responder Contact Information Response to customer question:<p>iberry&#64;riministreet.com</p>
Question posed by client business:What percentage of company-owned computers are joined to a domain (or other management system)? Response to customer question:100%
Question posed by client business:Do you currently encrypt all backups of customer data using an industry standard and community vetted encryption implementation? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:10.1 Is there an access control program that has been approved by management, communicated to Constituents and an owner to maintain and review the program? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you have the capability to detect and report unauthorised access attempts? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street utilizes multiple IPS and security platforms to actively protect internal and external facing traffic.  To detect unauthorized configuration Rimini Street uses a monitoring service as well as Exabeam.
Question posed by client business:Do all external network connections terminate on a firewall configured with a 'deny all' rule? Response to customer question:Yes. Our firewalls have what's also called an implicit deny all rule.
Question posed by client business:2.129 A copy of the current, approved system configuration and hardening standards in use for workstations, servers and network devices. Documentation regarding the current, approved system configuration and hardening standard for each type of operating system in use for specific operating systems. Documentation on policies and operational procedures specific to patch management. Documentation regarding the approved system configuration and hardening standard and/or the operational procedures for emerging technologies Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Do your security practices include log inspection? Response to customer question:Yes. Full diagnostic logging of all intrusion and attack attempts.  All logs are also analyzed real time by additonal security and auditing platforms.
Question posed by client business:Are there network-based intrusion detection and/or prevention devices deployed to protect sensitive network segments or applications? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there a comprehensive, documented and secure process to handle all media on-site, off-site and during Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are information security policies, standards and procedures documented? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:When was a recovery of data from nearline, offsite performed to ensure the integrity of the backup and the recover? Response to customer question:Every other year.
Question posed by client business:Please provide disaster recovery process tests results over the last 2 years Response to customer question:Full failover test completed successfully across all objectives.  Annual bubble tests are completed successfully across all objectives.
Question posed by client business:2.50 A copy of the current, approved physical access policy Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Document(s) that constitute the application security risk governance program Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:How many workstations does your company have? Response to customer question:1400 as of last count.  An exact number can be obtained upon request.
Question posed by client business:2.95 Documentation of its process for reporting, documenting and monitoring compliance issues Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Is all Scoped Data sent or received electronically encrypted in transit while outside the network? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How do you implement security measures on virtual machines (VMS) and workstations that connect to service endpoints and the client environment? Response to customer question:Virtual machines (VMs) are created in vSphere with our server templates. These templates are all flavors of Windows, and are updated monthly with Windows / System Center Endpoint Protection AV updates.  All templates (gold, etc) are powered on monthly and updated with all required patches, rebooted, and powered down.  RSI utilizes a centrally managed Microsoft Forefront Endpoint Protection 2010 AV/AntiMalware platform that provides automatic updates several times a day along with automatic alerting and exceptional auditing capabilities. We also utilize traffic detection via MS TMG and through our firewalls to detect potential viral or malware activity and shut down those corresponding streams.  All workstations have anti virus and anti malware + bluecoat installed to minimize the risk of malicious activity.  Rimini Street's SOC constantly monitors vendor sites and industry recognized mailing lists for security vulnerabilities in the products and tools that Rimini Street utilizes. Workstations are patched within 5 business days and servers within 15 business days. Compliance is audited and reported on a monthly basis.    All laptops and workstation drives are encrypted with bitlocker. Data traversing networks is encrypted over IPSec VPN?s. User to network data transitions are encrypted over SSL VPNs. Backups are stored on encrypted media. Mobile messaging and email systems are encrypted.  RSI utilizes multiple IPS and security platforms to actively protect internal and external facing traffic.  To detect unauthorized configuration Rimini Street uses a monitoring service as well as Exabeam to manage the threat monitoring and reporting landscape.
Question posed by client business:Provide details of any network and systems/application event logging and monitoring performed, and protective measures place to ensure the integrity of event logs is maintained. Response to customer question:Rimini Street continually monitors key metrics, performs monthly, quarterly, semi-annual, and annual audits where appropriate, and performs frequent spot checks on all key systems and controls. All key systems and platforms are continually monitored for performance and changes with real-time full alerting and logging for analysis requirements. Rimini Street uses various tools to perform these functions including but not limited to, Solarwinds, Nagios, and Exabeam.
Question posed by client business:Publicly or privately held company Response to customer question:Publicly held.
Question posed by client business:Is there a process to audit access rights Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:2.12 Documentation that reflects the logging, tracking and risk rating of subcontractor issues Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Are users automatically logged off after 30 minutes or less of inactivity? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Please list all currently allowed Operating Systems for laptop and workstations Response to customer question:Corporate issued: Windows 7 Enterprise, Windows 10 Enterprise, OSX El Capitan  Personal: All versions of Windows 7 and 10, and newer versions of OSX (El Capitan, Mountain Lion, etc.).
Question posed by client business:Is there a documented process for approval, change, and removal of access rights and increase in privileged access? Response to customer question:Yes. All changes in resource requirements are managed through an ISO 9001-certified change management process, designed to ensure access is limited to authorized personnel located in the various geographic locations. This includes requests for new or modified access and disabling of accounts/machines during employee off-boarding.
Question posed by client business:Are all of the systems used by Rimini Street to connect for client services scanned for host-level vulnerabilities? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are identified security vulnerabilities remediated prior to promotion to production?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:A copy of its professional ethics and business practices program and related operational procedures and/or guidelines Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:What version is your Microsoft Domain Forest Functional Level?  If you do not use Active Directory please indicate what system manages your user & computer assets within the network? Response to customer question:2012
Question posed by client business:Do you currently have a staffed and funded Security Incident Response Program (e.g.?SIRT) available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Has a non-disclosure agreement with client been entered into concerning this engagement? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Has this been approved and signed by senior management? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How do you mannage access on client gateways and VMs? Response to customer question:All functionality on the client gateways (VMs) that is not specifically required to perform client services or provide security updates has been disabled at the VM level.  These machines are managed through group membership in Active Directory and requisite permissions on the containing folder level of the VMs.  Client gateways are unable to communicate with any non-critical assets.  There is also a GPO in Active Directory that disables clipboard access to and from the dedicated vMs that access client networks/environments.
Question posed by client business:Do you employ an email scanning solution such as Proofpoint? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Describe below the sub-contractors and\or business partners with whom your company will share client Information: Response to customer question:Please review our Privacy Information and Subprocessor List document available at all times in our Street Central client portal.
Question posed by client business:Does the password policy prohibit users from sharing passwords? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there a process to review user access rights at regular intervals? Response to customer question:Yes. Global Security conducts user access on a monthly basis.
Question posed by client business:If data-level encryption is used, is AES (Advanced Encryption Standard) the minimum technique used? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:10.33 Does system policy require logoff from terminals, PC or servers when the session is finished? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Please List of outages with major impacts on customers over the last 2 years Response to customer question:No.ne
Question posed by client business:Documentation regarding the information security/information technology incident management program including the processes for containment and eradication Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:10.12 Is there a password policy for systems that transmit, process or store Scoped systems and data that has been approved by management, communicated to constituents, and enforced on all platforms and network devices? If no, please explain in the Additional Information field.   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Can a client test developed software against our own instance in a staging area? Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street does not develop applications
Question posed by client business:How long has the company been in business? Response to customer question:<p>16 years. Established 2005.</p>
Question posed by client business:How often are new definitions downloaded and rolled out to endpoints? Response to customer question:Minimum once a month.
Question posed by client business:If so, are business partners monitored or vetted for compliance with the privacy policy and contract terms? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is the company's data protection program aligned with a recognized framework, such as ISO 27001, COBIT, ITIL, NIST, etc.? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street's ISMS is ISO27001 Certified
Question posed by client business:Will this engagement require the use of  sensitive unregulated  data (trade secrets, product formulas and designs, reorganization details, gift card numbers, Company investigations and litigations, detailed IT and network documentation, strategic development and marketing plans, corporate address and contact lists, name, gender, e-mail address, usernames, performance reviews, associate salary data, phone number(s) , ZIP code, birth date) Response to customer question:Rimini Street will not ever host, store, transfer, transmit or process any client data.  Services are performed in a dev/test, non-prod environment and access to client sensitive data is not a requirement.  All data always remains on client networks/systems and under client control at all times.
Question posed by client business:Termination processes and procedures Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is software development, are all of the OWASP Top Ten vulnerabilities tested for? (Cross site scripting, SQL injection and others.) Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street does not develop applications
Question posed by client business:Do you have tools in place to log, monitor and analyse security events of interest? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street continually monitors key metrics, performs monthly, quarterly, semi-annual, and annual audits where appropriate, and performs frequent spot checks on all key systems and controls. All key systems and platforms are continually monitored for performance and changes with real-time full alerting and logging for analysis requirements. Rimini Street uses various tools to perform these functions including but not limited to, Solarwinds, Nagios, and Exabeam.
Question posed by client business:How do you cut off an unauthorized PC? Response to customer question:VPN tunnels to our clients are unidirectional, from Rimini to the client. No traffic from any client network is allowed to travel back to Rimini, so this would never occur.  If an ?emergency? were to occur, we would have a 15 minute or less response time from the appropriate Rimini Street team to potentially tear a tunnel down if it were necessary.
Question posed by client business:Is there a secure process to communicate passwords to users? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you currently have a policy which defines levels of severity/risk for various types of vulnerabilities and associated required remediation time frames? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Please describe how administrator passwords and encryption keys are managed, tracked and protected?  How is administrator access to system resources managed and tracked? Do any users have the right to disable the software in their local machines? Response to customer question:Administrative credentials and encryption keys are stored in an Active Directory repository only accessible to personnel based on their roles. Users are not capable of disabling any security controls on their machines.
Question posed by client business:Are national privacy practices, laws and regulations monitored by your Company? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Defined roles and responsibilities of all employees Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you conduct system and endpoint hardening? Response to customer question:Yes. Laptops are built off a standard image. Our controls tend to be the server level group policies etc particularly when connecting to clients via VM etc. we perform a compliance check on connection to our network, we use various tools like Thycotic privilege manager, EDR Bitdefender Ultra to ensure the security of our endpoints.
"Does your organisation utilise hardened build standards and configurations for all workstations, servers, network devices, appliances, application components or mobile devices documented and implemented?  'How do you ensure the following:  - Users are restricted from installing unknown applications including web browser extensions  - Command Prompt restricted (users cannot run any commands on endpoint device) - Regedit (users cannot make any changes to the system settings) - Guest account (users cannot create/add any local guest accounts) - ipV6 disabled (user cannot connect to public wi-fi on IPV6) Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street does utilize hardening guidelines.  Prior to installation of any software, security reviews are conducted and only approved software may be installed.   In addition to policy controls, spot checks and audits are continually run.  We use global system polices, a standard image build for laptops and Thycotic Privilege manager, there is also a compliance check on connecting to our VPN.
Question posed by client business:Is there logging of the File/Folder level access Response to customer question:Yes. Where applicable
Question posed by client business:Do you have a Australian Business Number or ABN? Response to customer question:Yes. ABN (Australian Business Number): 61898632956 (Rimini Street, Inc.)
Question posed by client business:Are employees and contractors required to be aware of and follow all information security policies, standards and procedures? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are all accounts automatically disabled after 90 consecutive days of inactivity? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Confirm how post-implementation reviews are conducted for new systems. Response to customer question:All production systems are fully audited by Global Security for conformance to the defined standards immediately after integration.
Question posed by client business:Do you have a method of identifying changes to key systems' configured security standards? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street continually monitors key metrics, performs monthly, quarterly, semi-annual, and annual audits where appropriate, and performs frequent spot checks on all key systems and controls. All key systems and platforms are continually monitored for performance and changes with real-time full alerting and logging for analysis requirements. Rimini Street uses various tools to perform these functions including but not limited to, Solarwinds, Nagios, and Exabeam.
Question posed by client business:Is the internal network segmented, or otherwise controlled, to prevent unauthorized access and to ensure data integrity? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Explain how development environments are isolated from live production environments. Response to customer question:All services are performed through the client?s dev/test environment.
Question posed by client business:Does Rimini Street use DMARC? Response to customer question:Not Applicable Currently, DMARC is in listening mode only at Rimini Street.  This is not a technology that is strictly necessary, but Rimini Street has seen an increase in client requirements.  DMARC is in listening mode to ensure that Rimini Street does not risk denying legitimate emails from clients or potential clients.  Rimini Street has opted to keep it disabled in this way, relying on other security measures for protection (like Proofpoint and other spam/malware/phishing protection).  Rimini Street does plan to implement this tool but will take roughly 18 months from June 2021.
Question posed by client business:Please describe your policy on data retention and disposal of customer data/media. Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street does not retain any customer media
Question posed by client business:Been the subject of a formal proceeding on privacy by the Federal Trade Commission Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:13.2 Does the business resiliency program include a formal annual (or more frequent) executive management review of business continuity scope, key performance indicators, accomplishments, and risks? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are network devices periodically monitored for continued compliance to security requirements? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:6.3 Is there an acceptable use policy for information and associated assets that has been approved by management, communicated to appropriate constituents, and assigned an owner to maintain and periodically review the policy? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does your company automatically log users out after a predefined period of inactivity? If so, what is that predefined period? Response to customer question:Yes. The time period is determined by Security in light of ISO 27001:2013 standards and the nature and sensitivity of the system.
Question posed by client business:2.18 Documentation regarding the transportation process used for pickup and transport of inbound and outbound media shipments, including a copy of its processes and log for the transport of backup media for off-site pickup and delivery Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:10.13 Does the password policy apply to both Constituent and client passwords? If no, please explain in the Additional Information field. Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:2.15 A copy of its current, approved Information Security (IS) organizational document, including IS roles and responsibilities Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:14.22 Are controls validated by independent, third party auditors or information security professionals? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:17.33 Are there documented policies and procedures in place to ensure that the access, transmission, processing, disclosure, and retention of client scoped data is limited, and in compliance with applicable law?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:6.5 Is Information classified according to legal or regulatory requirements, business value, and sensitivity to unauthorized disclosure or modification?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:2.91 Documentation regarding its backup and replication processes and capabilities, including an executive summary of the last test of the backup or replication process Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Does the organization require the printed materials and removable physical media be kept secured within locked storage areas (lockers, storage rooms, lockable cabinets) when not in active use? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street does not handle client media or paper, and with respect to Rimini Street media, any portable storage media are removed and stored in a secured facility.  Printed materials must be secured within locked storage areas and are securely shredded when destroyed.
Question posed by client business:Documentation regarding the organization?s IT operational procedures Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Is there a policy that defines the requirements for remote access from external networks to networks containing Scoped Systems and Data that has been approved by management and communicated to constituents?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:2.53 Documentation, which details policy and procedures regarding system boot Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Is electronic access to systems containing scoped data removed within 24 hours for terminated constituents? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are all emails scanned for malware? If yes, please describe the types of information included. Response to customer question:Yes. All Rimini Street email is scanned for malware, including attachments.
Question posed by client business:Are all employees and vendors/subcontractors staffed on this engagement required to sign documents that they understand the business practices and required controls related to information security and data privacy upon hire and annually thereafter? Response to customer question:Yes. All new employees are required to complete privacy, security, and business code of conduct training and at least annually thereafter during continued employment.  All staff sign agreements that require adherence to training and policies.
Question posed by client business:Are background screenings of applicants performed to include criminal, credit, professional / academic, references and drug screening? Response to customer question:Yes. Drug screening and credit checks are not performed as part of RSI's standard background check package.
Question posed by client business:Is sufficient information in Hypervisor logs to evaluate incidents? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:In the last seven years, has there been any inadvertent disclosure of Non-Public PII, Company confidential, or client information Company Data?  If so, please describe, include incident date, and remediation. Response to customer question:Yes. In August, 2021, an RSI employee was fooled into responding to a fake email (""phishing email"") that claimed to be from a senior executive, requesting certain""Rimini Street business records,"" which included the following Rimini Street information about our clients: (a) client names, (b) billing contacts and (c) invoice and payment information.   There was no disclosure of what would be considered in our standard contract terms as""Confidential Client Information, there was"" no""breach"" of any Rimini Street computer system (we even hired a top third-party cyber security expert firm to examine the equipment involved and confirm our Rimini Street Global Security finding that no computer systems breach occurred with this incident) and there was no disclosure of any Client systems access credentials.
Question posed by client business:Does the password policy require passwords to be encrypted in transit? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:11.1 Are applications used to transmit, process or store Scoped Data?   * Response to customer question:Yes<p>Third party applications are used as part of the design of service delivery, as discussed elsewhere in this questionnaire.  The responses in this section 11 are with respect to the use of these applications.</p>
Question posed by client business:Are available high-risk web server software security patches applied and verified at least monthly? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:2.39 Documentation of the policies, procedures and standards that are in place for website setup and security, including architecture diagrams for any in scope web applications Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Will RSM data be used in a development or test environment?  * Response to customer question:No.Live production data will not be used in the test environment provided by the client for Rimini Street's use unless specified in an applicable SOW.
Question posed by client business:Does the Human Resource policy include Termination and/or change of status processes? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Documentation of its process managing the formal performance and appraisal process for employees Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Number of employees at company   * Response to customer question:Approximately 1,700
Question posed by client business:Documentation related to its standards for requiring input validation for all internet facing web forms Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:2.117 Privacy Notice documentation that includes a sample of the current web privacy notice(s) applicable to the services provided; description of the mechanism to provide access to the Notice and documentation regarding the policies, procedures or guidelines for maintenance of the notice. Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:White/Blacklisting software installed on laptops Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street only permits whitelisted applications to be installed on devices connected to Rimini Street networks, which includes any workstations designated to be able to remotely connected to the secured client environment.
Question posed by client business:Is there an approval process prior to installing a network device? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Documentation of its process for handling involuntary/voluntary separations Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Is your proposed solution ISO/IEC 27018:2014 compliant? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street is certified under ISO 27001 and its privacy program is designed to comply with ISO 29100:2011. Rimini Street's policies and procedures are compatible with ISO 27018:2014.
Question posed by client business:Please describe your process for addressing data subject rights requests. * Response to customer question:Data Subject rights requests are handled by self-service systems where implemented, and otherwise may be directed to privacy@riministreet.com, where they are appropriately logged, responded, and fulfilled as required by law and Rimini Street's APEC CBPR certification.
Question posed by client business:Describe your process for handling governmental access requests for RSM data. * Response to customer question:Rimini Street has not received any governmental access requests as we do not store or process client environment data, however, if one were directed at Rimini Street, it would be reviewed by Rimini Street's legal departments, including it's litigation team and timely notice sent to the client as generally agreed under nondisclosure terms.
Question posed by client business:Is there a management approved process to ensure that backup image snapshots containing Scoped Data are authorized by Outsourcer prior to being snapped?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:A copy of its compliance program for its marketing and selling activities Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:2.29 Documentation of the policies, standards or guidelines for physical access to data or systems Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:2.5 Documentation that defines the IT risk assessment process requirements for systems and critical business processes, including a list of critical business processes related to the services provided. Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Have planned responses to business disruptions been coordinated with key service providers? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How often are administrative rights reviewed? Response to customer question:Access rights are reviewed quarterly at a minimum, or any time that a role change occurs.
Question posed by client business:Are users permitted to use their own personal devices (computers, tablets, phones, or other devices) to access Company and client environments or data? If yes, how does your organization monitor access on non-company issued devices? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:11.23 Is a web site supported, hosted or maintained that has access to Scoped Systems and Data?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you maintain contacts with special interest groups or other specialist security forums and professional associations to stay up-to-date with information security trends, vulnerabilities, patches, changes in threats and relevant security information. If yes, please provide details of such external sources. Response to customer question:Yes. We follow CVEs and belong to several security organizations and stay up to date with the latest best practices and security news.
Question posed by client business:Do contracts with all subcontractors include Non-Disclosure/Confidentiality Agreements? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:2.127 Documentation regarding the policies, standards or guidelines regarding the use of mobile code in the environment for target systems Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Is regulated or confidential Scoped Data stored in files? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:3.3 Does the risk governance plan include range of assets to include: people, processes, data and technology? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are network Vulnerability Scans performed against internal networks and systems? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there a procedure for equipment removal from the data center? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is HTTPS enabled for all web pages? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Documentation regarding the guidelines for the management of externally facing administration ports Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Is data input into applications validated? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are there any material claims or judgments against the company? Response to customer question:Yes<p>Rimini Street, Inc. has been engaged in litigation with Oracle Systems, Inc. for over ten years. There is no impact upon the services.  Upon request, Rimini Street can provide a summary of the litigation.</p>
Question posed by client business:Name of person completing questionnaire  * Response to customer question:Rimini Street Ethics and Compliance Team
Question posed by client business:Documentation which validates roles and responsibilities of its incident response team as well as training Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Documentation regarding the policies and procedures for the monitoring of security operations including evidence of day to day management of monitoring and reporting activities Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:21. Do you notify clients about information security incidents that have or are suspected to have impacted their systems or data? Please describe the notification and reporting process and the timelines. Response to customer question:The ISO 27001:2013 certified security incident response plan calls for prompt notification for active incidents that could possibly affect the client, and notification after full remediation for an incident that does not directly affect the client. Notification procedure is at the clients? discretion. If no preference is given, the client will receive notification directly from the PSE and/or the account executive assigned to the account.
Question posed by client business:Are all network device administrative interfaces configured to require authentication and encryption? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are locking screensavers on unattended system displays or locks on consoles required within the data center? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Documentation on policy and procedures regarding log retention Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Does the anti-malware policy or program include defined operating systems that require antivirus? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does your company destroy test data following the testing completion? Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street does not store test data in its systems.  With respect to test data, the client may choose to destroy test data in the client environment provisioned by the client.
Question posed by client business:Is there a set of rules governing the way IDs are created and assigned?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:11.25 Are Web Servers used for transmitting, processing or storing Scoped Data?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are Hypervisors kept up to date with current patches? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does the company, or any of its third-parties, utilize resources outside of the United States that will have a minimum of view access to Plan data? If Yes, please provide a short summary of the resources, and their anticipated role or work product as it relates to the scope of this questionnaire. Additionally, please list all offshore locations (countries and/or regions) where Plan data will be accessed or viewed. Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street does not need and should not be provided access to Plan data containing PHI.
Question posed by client business:Can vendor process customer data in compliance with the  NYDFS: Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies ?   * Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street is expected to comply with NYFS: Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies to the extent applicable to Rimini Street as applicable through its clients.
Question posed by client business:Describe the anti-virus product(s) and process used to protect servers and workstations.  Include the following:  (1) a list of the products, with version numbers that are used on workstations and servers. (e.g. Symantec Version x.x  on workstations and Trend Micro version x.x on all servers; and (2) identification of workstations and servers that could affect the underlying service supplier will provide to Bright Horizons. Response to customer question:RSI utilizes a centrally managed BitDefender GravityZone Ultra AV/AntiMalware platform that provides automatic updates several times a day along with automatic alerting and exceptional auditing capabilities. We also utilize traffic detection via MS TMG and through our firewalls to detect potential viral or malware activity and shut down those corresponding streams.
Question posed by client business:Has Vendor been subject to any enforcement actions, investigations, or litigation related to privacy or information security in the past 5 years? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street was investigated by the Korea data protection authority in relation to a voluntarily reported phishing incident.  The investigation was closed with no finding of fault or penalty.
Question posed by client business:Does Rimini Street monitor individual country privacy laws for compliance with the Schrems II ruling? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street monitors global privacy laws in consideration of whether there are proportionality and necessity limitations to surveillance in countries where the company does business, including whether data localization laws exist in order to facilitate same, and Rimini Street would avoid transfer of support communications to such countries.
Question posed by client business:Are there direct interactions with your client's customers?   * Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:11.6 Are Scoped Systems and Data used in the test, development, or QA environments? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Are information security personnel (internal or outsourced) responsible for information security processes?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:2.45 Process for revoking system and physical access, including an example of a termination checklist Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Please describe how data is transmitted to the solution by the customer. * Response to customer question:Not Applicable The client provides an endpoint client environment to which Rimini Street connects using an encrypted connected, subject to the authentication controls of the client and the client's other security measures that apply to their environment.
Question posed by client business:Are backup image snapshots containing Scoped Data stored in an environment where the security controls protecting them are commensurate with the production environment? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does system policy require terminating or securing active sessions when finished?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there a periodic (at least annual) review of your Business Resiliency procedures? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:14.29 Are there compliance and sanction checks (e.g., Office of Foreign Assets Controls - OFAC) performed against customers, suppliers and third parties? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Has vendor had a loss of customer data in the prior (5) year period? Response to customer question:NoThere has been no loss of customer data in the prior (5) year period.
Question posed by client business:Do you have an individual responsible for serving as the security incident response team, and are their roles and responsibilities clearly defined and documented roles and responsibilities? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does the password policy require passwords to be encrypted or hashed in storage? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:3.14 Do contracts with all subcontractors include ownership of information, trade secrets and intellectual property? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are users required to change their passwords after signing on the first time to the network or system? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are the answers to this questionnaire for only one specific type of service? Response to customer question:Yes<p>Rimini Street&#39;s offerings can all be classified as third party enterprise software support services.</p>
Question posed by client business:Is code deployment halted on the detection of critical, high and medium severity vulnerabilities? Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street does not develop applications.
Question posed by client business:Are unnecessary/unused Hypervisor services turned off? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Documentation that defines the requirements for subcontractor selection and management Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:When we have last updated our BCP (and the due date for the next review/update is)? Response to customer question:Yes. Certification:   ?	ISO 27001: March 28th 2022. Certified to April, 4th 2025. Independent 3rd party audit. ?	Cyber Essentials: Certified to June, 29th, 2023. Independent 3rd party audit.  Policies: ?	Business Continuity Management System (BCMS)  - Next review June 6th, 2023. SOPs: ?	Business Continuity  - Next review June, 29th, 2023 ?	Business Continuity  (India) ? Next review Feb 28th, 2023. ?	Emergency Evac Plans ? HQ, Ops, Labs (India) ? Next review June 6th, 2023. ?	Event Outreach ? Feb 28th, 2023 ?	Disaster Recovery ? Infrastructure testing performed Dec 2021.  Policies and plans are reviewed at 6 monthly intervals, locally and/or audit as scheduled. A formal review and acknowledgement is performed annually and recorded within the Document Management System (Intelex). The plans and SOPS have undergone a restructuring exercise following recommendations from our auditors, departure of personnel, process improvement.  Testing:  Rimini Street has been in active continuity mode since the start of the pandemic Feb 2020. All personnel have operated remotely and our plans have been in operation and exercised real time as a consequence.  Building and operation centers continued to be managed and maintained, by Facilities. Core services, emergency systems, security guards, fire systems etc are in place and checked for correct operation. Remote staff remain trained in first aid, defib usage and active shooter drills for example, albeit virtually.  Although we are moving towards a return to office, the majority of the workforce remains remote operating in an active continuity mode. Essentially this is an ongoing live exercise and test of our plans and we have continued to monitor and guide services and operations as necessary given the continuing shift in the global threat.     Disaster recovery bubble testing of our infrastructure was performed successfully in November and December 2021. We are in the process of planning for a full datacenter failover exercise Q3/2022. Please note our primary datacenter is a Switch Tier IV certified colocation subject to its own BC & DR program.
Question posed by client business:Do you allow remote access to Pearson's data from outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street uses employees at international employees in order to provide round the clock 10-minute response times to clients, and utilizes support ticketing and client service platforms that are located in the United States.  For a full list of affiliates and locations, please refer to the Privacy Information and Subprocessor List document that is available at all times in the Street Central client services portal.
Question posed by client business:2.78 Incident management related communications plans, procedures and templates Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Where are your policies/procedures documented? Response to customer question:Rimini Street policies and procedures are documented in internal policy management system that maintains version history, records of approval, and is made accessible to all employees at all times and referenced in onboarding and continuing employee training.
Question posed by client business:2.21 Documentation that describes policies, procedures or guidelines for web site encryption for Internet or public facing web sites Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Is the organization currently implementing or carrying out a corrective action plan as a result of an external audit, review, or assessment? If yes, please provide a brief summary of the status and types of actions required. Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Describe your telecommunication link and security protocols regarding policy surrounding the""bring your own device"", if applicable Response to customer question:Not Applicable All routing protocols use authentication to ensure that traffic using the protocols is authenticated.
Question posed by client business:Names and titles/functions of individuals who contributed to this questionnaire Response to customer question:<p>Ian Berry - Contract Compliance Analyst</p><p>Darren Remblance - VP, Global Security and Facilities</p><p>Michael Spencer - Chief Counsel, Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer</p><p>Alex Wall - Director and Managing Counsel, Privacy</p>
Question posed by client business:2.76 A copy of the incident management policy(ies), plans and procedures Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Can RSM opt-out of such data use by Vendor?   * Response to customer question:No.Use of support communications to deliver support is absolutely necessary for the delivery of services and is part of the agreement.
Question posed by client business:10.16 Are complex passwords required on systems transmitting, processing, or storing Scoped data e.g., mix of upper-case letters, lower case letters, numbers, and special characters? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:6.4 Is there a process to verify return of constituent assets (computers, cell phones, access cards, tokens, smart cards, keys, etc.) upon termination? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:2.47 Documentation regarding the process for reviewing, revoking or disabling access to inactive accounts, including a sample user access report Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Have information security policies been published and enforced in your organization? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street has implemented an ISO27001 certified Information Security Management System (ISMS).
Question posed by client business:Is a challenge and response process in place for users to unlock and reset their own accounts? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street authenticates all users when they make requests to unlock and reset their own accounts through IT.
Question posed by client business:Are internal management reporting and/or external reporting to government agencies maintained in accordance with applicable law? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does Vendor monitor or audit Subcontractors' compliance with contractual data security obligations? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street regularly assesses whether vendors that pose a security risk to Rimini Street are still meeting their obligations.
Question posed by client business:Is scoped data backed up and stored offsite? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:A copy of its most recent infectious disease plan Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:A copy of their secure architectural design process or standard Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Do vendor employees have local administrator access to their end user devices?    * Response to customer question:No.Employees do not have full administrative rights to their end user workstations.
Question posed by client business:Is all user access (including physical and logical access) revoked within 24 hours of termination? Response to customer question:Yes. Terminated employes are immediately prevented from access to RSI networks and files.
Question posed by client business:Is there a documented process in place to protect against and detect attacks against automatic software update mechanisms? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are encrypted communications required for all remote network connections from external networks to networks containing Scoped Systems and Data? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are all BMCs configured on network address ranges reserved specifically for BMCs and no other devices? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Will this engagement include any call center related services? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What identity and access management solution does your solution use?  * Response to customer question:Rimini Street stores encrypted remote access credentials in Thycotic Secret Server.  Rimini Street uses various solutions for identity and access management internally.
Question posed by client business:Do you comply with Brazil CTIR's guidance with respect to VPN best practices? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini implements measures for VPN protection in alignment with CTRI?s recommendations, such as:   ?	Implementing strong password policies and requiring the use of multi-factor authentication. (defining the network access scope for each VPN user's profile).   ?	Implementing virtual network segregation on each VPN connection.   ?	Blocking access via VPN to administrative interfaces of critical services.   ?	Ensuring the update of VPN systems.  ?	Implementing the principle of minimum access that guarantees that users have the minimum level of access necessary.   ?	Auditing VPN access, especially from an unknown source.   ?	Applying update patches to network and security assets.   ?	Adopting backup execution and restoration policies in a segregated production environment.  ?	Creating or continually reinforcing user awareness campaigns on the topic of information security.
Question posed by client business:Is an incident Response contact list or calling tree maintained? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How many employees are on your Information Security Team?  * Response to customer question:Approximately 20.
Question posed by client business:Do network Vulnerability Scans occur at least Monthly? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does your system restrict multiple simultaneous log-ons from multiple devices for a user? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street does not permit multiple users to engage in the same connection session with the client environment endpoint supplied by the client.  The client controls the security and permissions of the client environment.
Question posed by client business:Has your organization completed a Standards for Attestation Engagements (SSAE 16) audit or a comparable certification? If so, please provide the audit report.   If your organization has any other relevant certifications, please provide that information. Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street is ISO 27001:2013 and ISO 9001:21015 certified. In addition, RSI maintains APEC CBPR certification and a GDPR compliance program.
Question posed by client business:Title of person completing questionnaire  * Response to customer question:Compliance Analyst
Question posed by client business:Are audit logs sufficient for investigation in the event of a security breach?    * Response to customer question:Yes. The logs that RSI maintains are sufficient for investigation in the event of a security breach.  RSI maintains audit logs for its own systems and systems which it maintains, including tools for remote access. Clients are responsible for monitoring their own systems. RSI does not take control of the security of client's service endpoints/environments.  Users are prevented from modifying security logs.
Question posed by client business:16.1 Is there a policy that defines network security requirements that is approved by management, communicated to Constituents and has an owner to maintain and review?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are Activity alerts such as uncleaned infections and suspicious activity reviewed and actioned at least weekly for all end user devices? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:15.1 Are End User Devices (Desktops, Laptops, Tablets, Smartphones) used for transmitting, processing or storing Scoped Data?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are default passwords changed or disabled prior to placing network devices into production? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How often are privileges granted and reviewed? Response to customer question:Rimini Street's only access to client data is through remote access to an endpoint controlled by the client.  Access privileges are granted as needed through the appropriate processes and reviewed quarterly.
Question posed by client business:Does your organization have a formal Project Management oversight function aligned with SDLC best practices? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Are all available high-risk security patches applied and verified on network devices? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:20.7 Does the Cloud Hosting Provider provide independent audit reports for their cloud hosting services (e.g., Service Operational Control - SOC)?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does your company have virus protection program in place?  Please describe the tools and processes used to protect the organization against malicious software (virus, spyware, etc)? Response to customer question:Yes- Virus protection/detection software is installed and enabled on servers, workstations and laptops - Virus definition files are updated from a centralized server for all devices and released within 24 hours - Laptops are forced with patch and virus definition updates before establishing a connection to the trusted network - Email attachments, internet downloads and other potentially malicious extensions are pre-screened for viruses at the ingress points
Question posed by client business:Is there a named owner for each privileged account type? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Who in your organization is responsible for Assigning Ownership to information or electronic assets? Response to customer question:The IT department
Question posed by client business:Can vendor process customer data in compliance with PIPEDA and other Canadian provincial and territorial privacy laws?   * Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street complies with applicable law, including, where applicable PIPEDA and other Canadian provincial and territorial privacy laws.
Question posed by client business:Are access controls managed via the company's Active Directory and/or through Single-Sign On Protocols? Response to customer question:Yes. The controls the security and permissions of the client environment to which Rimini Street connects when providing the services.   With respect to Rimini Street's environment, administrative credentials and encryption keys are stored in an Active Directory repository only accessible to personnel based on their roles. Users are not capable of disabling any security controls on their machines.  Rimini Street uses Single Sign On (SAML/SSO) for enterprise applications.
Question posed by client business:Does the solution offer role-based access for customers?   * Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street's technical support services do not offer access to customers, however access to the support portal can be based upon role.
Question posed by client business:Is code obtained from external sources reviewed for new versions at least every 6 months? Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street does not code software applications as a service.
Question posed by client business:Are Cloud Hosting services subcontracted? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:19.14 Are Hypervisors used to manage systems used to transmit, process or store Scoped Data?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:19.1 Are Servers used for transmitting, processing or storing Scoped Data?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How does Service Provider ensure that its employees and contractors who will have access to Sourcing Information are required to comply with its information security and privacy safeguards (e.g., signing a confidentiality or other agreement)? Response to customer question:All employees must sign an Employee Intellectual Property and Confidentiality Agreement (EIPCA), and an Acceptable Use Policy acknowledgement as a condition of hire.
Question posed by client business:Does the approved anti-malware policy or program mandate an interval between the availability of a new anti-malware signature update and its deployment no longer than 24 hours? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does the Incident Response Plan include guidance for escalation procedure? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does the Incident Response Plan include actions to be taken in the event of an information security event?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does Vendor require personnel to promptly report lost or stolen mobile or portable devices? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:11.31 Is sufficient detail contained in Web Server and application logs to support incident investigation, including successful and failed login attempts and changes to sensitive configuration settings and files?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Please attach CIS or COBIT frameworks documentation. Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:Are AS/400s used as part of the Scoped Services? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Please attach a copy of (or link to) your company's current HIPAA Privacy & Security Policies. * Response to customer question:Not Applicable While Rimini Street maintains internal policies in compliance with applicable law and best practices with respect to Privacy and Security, we do not provide our internal policies to clients, as this is sensitive internal company confidential information.  RSI does not use or disclose Protected Health Information (PHI) in the performance of its services.
Question posed by client business:Describe how supplier uses the data lifecycle to specify minimum retention periods.  Include the processes to specify minimum retention periods. Response to customer question:Rimini Street complies with a variety of document retention requirements and applicable law. Personal data that exceeds the purposes for which it was collected is not retained unless data retention requirements or applicable law requires its retention, in which case, any client support communications is transferred to an encrypted and secured archive. RSI does not store, manage or host client data that originates from databases that we are contracted to support.
Question posed by client business:Are Extranet Connections permitted into environments that will contain, access, or transport/host Plan data? Response to customer question:Yes. Systems that contain client environment data (data from the databases that Rimini Street is contracted to support) are controlled by the client.  With respect to support communications (business contact information, support tickets, billing information), extranet is not prohibited.
Question posed by client business:Do internet facing boundary devices block traffic that would allow for degradation or denial of service from external sources? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What is the Recovery Time Objective (RTO) of the products or services covered within the scope of this questionnaire? Response to customer question:Recovery Time Objectives / Recovery Point Objectives are defined by our business not ISO, and are determined by criticality / priority of our operations. Rimini Street essentially runs a live/live capability across our data centers so should not go down for any prolonged period of time, we also test frequently to identify issues.
Question posed by client business:Are there built in tools for auditing user access for compliance such as Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX)? Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street does not provide any SaaS software for which built-in auditing tools would be appropriate.
Question posed by client business:Does your company utilize unique user IDs to access all company systems and devices? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street utilizes unique user IDs to access all company systems and devices. Authentication controls like two-factor and certificates are in place for remote access. VPN users are required to have personal firewalls and are restricted from accessing Internet using split tunneling. Mobile devices like laptops have hard disk encryption enabled. All VPN users utilize Rimini Street provided and centrally managed computers with disk encryption.
Question posed by client business:Can Constituents access corporate e-mail using mobile devices? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:2. Has a Business Impact Analysis been conducted? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are non-company managed PCs used to connect to the company network? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Vendor Address * Response to customer question:3993 Howard Hughes Pkwy Ste 500 Las Vegas, NV 89169
Question posed by client business:Describe the encryption services used by or available from the supplier. Indicate the encryption controls used by the supplier for protecting data in storage or in transit; enforcing non-repudiation; or establishing strong authentication processes. Response to customer question:All laptops and workstation drives are encrypted with BitLocker. Data traversing networks is encrypted over IPSec VPN?s. User to network data transitions are encrypted over SSL VPNs. Backups are stored on encrypted media. Mobile messaging and email systems are encrypted. Proofpoint encryption used for secure email messaging.
Question posed by client business:Will you return or destroy our customer data upon request? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street will return or destroy client data upon request at the end of the engagement, subject to any applicable law, court order, or data retention requirements.
Question posed by client business:Can vendor process customer data in compliance with the New York SHIELD Act?   * Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street complies with applicable law, including, where applicable, the New York SHIELD Act.
Question posed by client business:Are antivirus instances on workstations centrally managed? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street utilizes a centrally managed BitDefender GravityZone Ultra anti-virus/anti-malware platform that provides automatic updates several times a day along with automatic alerting and exceptional auditing capabilities.
Question posed by client business:Is Unix or Linux used as part of the Scoped Services?   * Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Are marketing or selling activities conducted directly to Client's customers?   * Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Is there a mobile device management program in place that has been approved by management and communicated to appropriate Constituents? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:To what extent does Service Provider perform criminal and credit background checks on employees and contractors that access Sourcing Information? Response to customer question:All Rimini Street employees have criminal, education & employment background checks completed.
Question posed by client business:Does the legislation in your country grant data subjects? actionable rights before the courts against national authorities? Response to customer question:Yes. Under various U.S. state laws, for example, the laws of California, data subject have the right to access to their personal information.  Regardless of state laws, Rimini Street is required under its APEC CBPR certification to support a broad range of data subject rights requests that are similar if not the same as authorized under GPDR.  Also, having stated that Rimini Street will support such requests under its public-facing privacy notice, it is bound United States consumer protection laws against unfair and deceptive trade practices to comply with its own statements about its actions.
Question posed by client business:Are there procedures for the reporting of potential security incidents? Response to customer question:Yes. Procedures for reporting security incidents are defined in procedure and communicated in training to all personnel.
Question posed by client business:Is there a named Compliance Officer or official responsible for overseeing compliance (including compliance with federal, state, or local mandates; association agreements or contracts; member terms and conditions; or internal policies among other)? If yes, please specify. Response to customer question:Yes. Michael Spencer, Chief Compliance Officer
Question posed by client business:Will this vendor share any RSM data with third-parties?   * Response to customer question:Yes. Client environment data is never downloaded, stored, processed, or used. Support communications are processed in support platforms that are disclosed in the Privacy Information documentation available at all times in the Street Central portal.
Question posed by client business:Can Vendor employees access RSM Data?     * Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street does not process personal data as a service.  The support communications that we use to receive instructions and provide the Services may be considered information and personal data shared with Rimini Street for each party's independent purposes in fulfilling the terms of the agreement (e.g. communicating about what needs to be done, and conducting invoicing, assigning talent, etc.).  Rimini Street ensures that all tools used for support are subject to our ISO 27001 certified vendor management processes and policies. By contrast, Rimini Street does not download or store any data from the systems that we are contracted to support (client environment data).  All services are performed through the client?s dev/test environment - unless as specifically noted in an applicable SOW.
Question posed by client business:How does your company comply with financial regulatory requirements? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street complies with applicable financial regulatory and reporting requirements in the jurisdictions where we do business and operate. RSI has processes in place which ensure financial regulatory compliance and reporting. As a publicly traded company (NASDAQ: RMNI), RSI complies with Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) reporting requirements. RSI also complies with anti-bribery and anti-corruption regulations such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (?FCPA?) and the United Kingdom?s Bribery Act. For more information, consult the Global Anti-Corruption Policy.
Question posed by client business:16.9 Is every connection to an external network terminated at a firewall (e.g., the Internet, partner networks)? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does Service Provider provide its privacy policy and those of its customer to its employees and contractors? Response to customer question:Yes. Where applicable employees are trained on the client privacy policies. Employees are training in Rimini Street policies, including the privacy polices.
Question posed by client business:Does Vendor have cybersecurity insurance?  Please provide coverage and limits. Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street carries ample cybersecurity insurance, which includes privacy coverage.
Question posed by client business:Can vendor process customer data in compliance with the the Fair Credit Reporting Act?   * Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street complies with the Fair Credit Reporting Act to the extent applicable.  Rimini Street does not hold or process consumer reports.
Question posed by client business:Are wireless networking devices connected to networks containing Scoped Systems and Data?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Will provider/Rimini Street/vendor be responsible for fines and penalties incurred as a result of provider error. Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street offers a robust indemnity for third party infringement claims (which may include fines or penalties), along with certain other indemnities for third party claims as set forth in any MSA between the parties.  Note that, consistent with industry standards, Rimini Street is not able to take on liability for any fines or penalties which may result in connection with the tax, legal and regulatory updates that may be provided as our services are limited to implementing the required software updates and are not intended to constitute tax advice for legal purposes.
Question posed by client business:Does your company disable root-level access to applications, databases, and critical systems? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street does manage the security or permissions of client environment endpoints to which Rimini Street connects to provide the services.  Internally, Rimini Street follows ISO 27001 best practice with respect to disabling root access to systems.
Question posed by client business:Do system developers receive training specifically designed to address application security risk? Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street is not a commercial software developer; our business is to provide support services. Referring to Rimini Street Support Service for our customers, depending on a support case requirement, RSI may provide a patch which will be a small code development or RSI will provide a Tax, Legal or Reg update in the form of a small code development. The company hires personnel with 10+ years of experience and then each employee undertakes mandatory training relevant to their role. In the case of software developers, there are courses in Scrum Agile and coding technique etc.
Question posed by client business:Has senior management assigned the responsibility for the overall management of critical response and recovery efforts? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are Network Intrusion Detection capabilities employed? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:12.1 Is there an established incident management program that has been approved by management, communicated to appropriate constituents and an owner to maintain and review the program?   * Response to customer question:Yes<p>Such process is certified under ISO 27001:2013.</p>
Question posed by client business:11.24 Do you have logical or Physical segregation between web, application and database components? (i.e., Internet, DMZ, Database)? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:General Background Check language for contract Response to customer question:Background Checks.  All Rimini Street personnel working on Client?s premises, or who have access to Client?s network or systems, shall have been subjected to a background check conducted by Rimini Street to include a criminal record check for each county and state of residence for the past seven (7) years, to verify that such employee has no convictions reported or sentences completed within the past seven (7) years (from the date the background check is completed).  Rimini Street is responsible for ensuring that its criminal background check process complies with all state laws, in each state in which record checks are conducted.  Rimini Street shall provide Client with certification of compliance with this Section XX upon reasonable request.
Question posed by client business:16.14 Is remote administration of organizational assets approved, logged, and performed in a manner that prevents unauthorized access?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:2. A company-wide person responsible for the protection of personal information has been designated. Response to customer question:Yes. Alex Wall, Director and Managing Counsel, Privacy.
Question posed by client business:Do written/secure configuration standards exist for network infrastructure? If yes, please describe where they are maintained and who is responsible for maintaining these. Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street's Security team maintains internal policies and standard operating procedures that include configuration standards for network infrastructure.
Question posed by client business:16.21 Is there a DMZ environment within the network that transmits, processes or stores Scoped Systems and Data? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How often are internal vulnerability scans performed? Response to customer question:(tbd)
Question posed by client business:Are sample applications and scripts removed from web servers? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does your company?s formal risk assessment program include ANY documented policies and procedures for the categories listed in Q 4.1.1?  If Yes, please comment with the applicable categories you have included. Response to customer question:Yes. All categories.
Question posed by client business:Is Street Central managed consistent with the Rimini Security Policy?? How do you ensure that the solution is under continuous monitoring and controls with regular vulnerabilities scan as this looks like internet facing?? Is there multifactor authentication into the solution ? Response to customer question:Yes. Street Central is internet facing, RSI security management includes penetration testing.We do not use multi-factor authentication for Street Central. During the onboarding process clients are set up with their Street Central credentials. For any client, their personnel will log in with their work email address and create and manage their own unique password, please see the create account screen shot. Clients should have an administrator who approves the Street Central access.
Question posed by client business:Are defined procedures in place to identify and correct systems without anti-virus at least weekly for all end user devices? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:At any time will RSM data be transferred to, stored, routed through or accessed (including through screenshare for support purposes) a country other than the United States? Response to customer question:Yes. Support communications is managed in Rimini Street's support and communications platforms as noticed in the Rimini Street Privacy Information and Sub-processor List document available at all times in the Street Central client portal.  Rimini Street is a global organization and reserves the right to utilize employees in its offices and authorized support platforms in order to provide 10 minute global response times 365 days a year, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Question posed by client business:Is Rimini Street a software developer? Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street is not a commercial software developer; our business is to provide support services. Referring to Rimini Street Support Service for our customers, depending on a support case requirement, RSI may provide a patch which will be a small code development or RSI will provide a Tax, Legal or Reg update in the form of a small code development. The company hires personnel with 10+ years of experience and then each employee undertakes mandatory training relevant to their role. In the case of software developers, there are courses in Scrum Agile and coding technique etc.
Question posed by client business:Are third-party vendors or subcontractors associated with this engagement required to sign confidentiality agreements and non-disclosure statements, and legally bound by contracts that include requirements to protect sensitive and confidential information or materials, including PHI or PII? Response to customer question:Yes. All third parties are subject to process ensuring appropriate contractual terms for data protection in relation to nature and sensitivity of data disclosed or shared.
Question posed by client business:Are backups encrypted at rest?    * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:17.29 Does the organization have or maintain internet-facing website(s), mobile applications, or other digital services or applications that, collect, use, disclose, or retain client-scoped data and are used directly by individuals? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:15.8 Are personal computers (PCs) used to transmit, process or store Scoped Systems and Data.   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are encrypted communications required for all remote system access? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are contractor background checks required? Response to customer question:Yes. Subject to local law, Rimini Street subjects each of its contractors to a background check to ensure that all employees are free of felonies and misdemeanors that involve: sex crime, fraud or theft convictions. Such background checks go back for the past 7 years for the target country. Our third-party vendor for these international background checks is HireRight. HireRight searches the government proprietary database for criminal records. However, some countries have very specific data privacy laws and do not provide criminal information about their citizens, if this is the case HireRight will do searches in newspapers/media/periodicals for criminal records.
Question posed by client business:Is there a named or designated Data Privacy oversight functional leader or group that provides clear direction and visible management support for data privacy initiatives within the organization? If yes, please provide the name, title, and contact information of the designated Data Privacy Oversight leader.. Response to customer question:Yes. Alex Wall, Director and Managing Counsel, Privacy
Question posed by client business:Is there sufficient detail contained in network device logs to support incident investigation? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you have documented procedures for enforcing encryption on all removable media? Please provide details of the encryption tools, techniques and algorithms used. Also, attach a copy of the document. Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street does not download or store client environment data.  Rimini Street Utilizes Encryption for all removable media utilized for support operations.  Algorithms include Advanced Encryption Standard.
Question posed by client business:Are all servers configured according to security standards as part of the build process?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are printers, copiers, and fax machines with non-volatile storage prohibited from use? Response to customer question:No.As this would have no impact upon the security of delivered client services in the client environment, Rimini Street does not prohibit the use of pinters, copiers, and fax machines in Rimini Street business operations.
Question posed by client business:What procedures and technologies are you using to detect and prevent data exfiltration, if any? Response to customer question:Rimini Street utilizes Data Loss Prevention (DLP) filters on email as well as contact management and support systems Salesforce.  Rimini Street also enforces group policies.
Question posed by client business:Is Rimini Street GDPR or CCPA certified?? Response to customer question:NoThere are currently no EU-approved certification mechanisms for the GDPR or other regional laws.  Rimini Street also maintains certification in the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules, demonstrating compliance with a set of privacy practices that are recognized by multiple governments around the Pacific, including the? USA, Mexico, Japan, Canada, Singapore, Republic of Korea, Australia and Chinese Taipei, to provide meaningful protection for the privacy and security of personal data under Rimini Street?s control.Rimini Street?s global privacy program applies a comprehensive framework built upon constant assessment of U.S. and international laws in interpreted in light of such principles as accountability, fairness and transparency, accuracy and integrity, data minimization, limited storage, and security.This framework is reduced to practice through training, policies, and procedures and reinforced by their alignment with our corporate values and customer-centrism.Rimini Street protects customer data and its own data through ISO 27001-certified practices for security.  ISO 27001 is a rigorous and formal suite of activities concerning the management of information risk with an overarching management framework through which Rimini Street identifies, analyzes, and addresses information risks.  ISO 27001 certification has increasingly become a requirement for doing business with many enterprises. Both public and private sector organizations are placing a high priority on hardening their internal information security and management systems and are setting a requirement that their service providers be ISO 27001 certified before qualifying as a trusted service provider.  ISO 27001 compliance and certification ensures that the Rimini Street?s technical and organizational measures are fine-tuned to keep pace with changes to security threats, vulnerabilities and business impacts encountered.
Question posed by client business:18.5 Is there a vulnerability management policy or program that has been approved by management, communicated to appropriate constituent and an owner assigned to maintain and review the policy?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What is the time frame and procedure of notification? Response to customer question:The ISO 27001:2013 certified security incident response plan calls for prompt notification for active incidents that could possibly affect the client, and notification after full remediation for an incident that does not directly affect the client. Notification procedure is at the clients? discretion. If no preference is given, the client will receive notification directly from the PSE and/or account exec assigned to the account, along with.
Question posed by client business:Are developed software applications penetration tested by a 3rd party? Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street does not develop applications.
Question posed by client business:Please attach a current copy of your companies most recent Technical diagram of solution. * Response to customer question:Attached is a copy of a technical diagram of service delivery.
Question posed by client business:Are social engineering hack testing performed at least annually on critical system users? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are visitors permitted in the facility? Please describe the visitor management process. Response to customer question:Yes. Visitors are permitted in office locations only, and only in places where confidential information is not visible.  Client environment data is not processed by Rimini Street and Rimini Street accesses client service endpoints using secure remote access tools.
Question posed by client business:Are reviews performed to validate compliance with documented web server software security standards? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Describe operating system security controls and configurations, including but no limited to services enabled/disabled to ensure information protection and audit logging? Response to customer question:Audit logging enabled and logs forwarded for storage and analysis on applicable devices.  Full vulnerability and patch management processes in place.
Question posed by client business:Are code reviews performed by a third party?   * Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street does not provide software coding as a service and is not a cloud hosting, software development, or application services company.  Rimini Street provides technical support services.
Question posed by client business:Describe data stored in removable media (tape, CD, disk, etc.), purpose of storage and location.  (1) Describe procedures for storing and transporting the media, and the physical and logical security controls (including encryption) used for protection of confidentiality, integrity, availability of the media? Response to customer question:Tape media is encrypted and only utilized for backups.  External disks or drives are always encrypted (with TrueCrypt, Bitlocker, or DiskCryptor for example). All media is stored at a secured off site facility.  All workstations are encrypted.
Question posed by client business:10 c.Please attach the most recently concluded test report Response to customer question:Yes. We can provide a letter of completion for the third party penetration testing.
Question posed by client business:Does Vendor have a process to approve any exceptions to the Security Program? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are network vulnerability scans performed against internet-facing networks and systems?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Can vendor process customer data in compliance with the UK's Data Protection Act 2018?   * Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street complies with applicable law, including UK's Data Protection Act of 2018.
Question posed by client business:Do you have security awareness training in place training for employees on computer system security and data privacy best practices? Response to customer question:Yes. All new employees are required to complete privacy, security, and business code of conduct training and at least annually thereafter during continued employment.
Question posed by client business:Does your organization have a vulnerability disclosure program? Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street is not a SaaS or software developer, so a complete vulnerability disclosure program is not applicable to Rimini Street  Any vulnerabilities may be disclosed to security@riministreet.com.
Question posed by client business:Is it possible to have regular reports from you on the status of information security for outsourced operations? Response to customer question:Yes. Clients may regularly request information related to the status of our information security programs and we will respond to such questions. Rimini Street regularly assesses whether vendors that pose a security risk to Rimini Street are still meeting their obligations, and will notify in case of breach as required under law and contract.  For more information about subcontractors that assist in the provision of services, please review our Privacy Information and Sub-processor List document, which lists all tools used for support.
Question posed by client business:In the event of a security breach, are you capable of supporting litigation holds for specific clients without freezing other client data? Response to customer question:Not Applicable Please note that Rimini Street will not host or store any client environment data.  Any information regarding the incident would be maintained permanently.
Question posed by client business:Please describe the different roles. * Response to customer question:Generally there is one role, that of the persons authorized to create support tickets.
Question posed by client business:Which of the following security controls do you use to protect against spoofed or forged emails on the domains your own and use?  Restricted Sender Policy Framework (SPF) policies; DomainKeys Identified Mail (DKIM) email authentication; Domain-based Message Authentication, Reporting and Conformance (DMARC) email validation; Inbound email infrastructure is configured to use Transport Layer Security (TLS) 1.2 with cipher suites with forward secrecy (e.g. ECDHE); Outbound email infratructure is configured to use Opportunistic TLS (STARTTLS) to request remote servers upgrade to an encrypted connection? Response to customer question:Yes. We have all of these controls.  TLS 1.2 is the minimum that must be in use in RSI's enterprise.
Question posed by client business:Do you have documented policies and procedures over System Outputs, including controls over completeness and accuracy of data and reports? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:17.40 Is there a documented data protection program with administrative, technical, and physical and environmental safeguards for the protection of client scoped data? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:19.7 Is sufficient detail contained in Operating System and application logs to support security incident investigations (at a minimum, successful and failed login attempts, and changes to sensitive configuration settings and files)? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are data validation checks in place?   * Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street does not validate client data, as we do not store or download client environment data and our services are technical support.
Question posed by client business:14.5 Are audits performed to ensure compliance with applicable statutory, regulatory, contractual or industry requirements? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are OS hardening standards documented for systems used for toring or processing Client's data ? Response to customer question:Yes. In regard to client production data this is not applicable as Rimini Street will not Possess client's production data.  Rimini Street does a documented process for hardening edge or boundary devices that includes addressing base installation and configuration, default password management requirements, access controls, version management, and removal of known vulnerable configurations.
Question posed by client business:Have any of your Third Party Vendors suffered a data loss or security breach within the last 3 years? Response to customer question:Yes. At least one Rimini Street Third Party Vendors has reported a breach, but there has been no material impact on Rimini Street&#39;s security or that of its clients.
Question posed by client business:Please attach a copy of the Information Security Policy document(s). * Response to customer question:Not Applicable While Rimini Street maintains internal polices in compliance with applicable law and best practices with respect to Privacy and Security, we do not provide our internal policies to clients, as this is sensitive internal company confidential information.
Question posed by client business:Does your organization ensure that changes in regulatory requirements (laws, regulations, industry or association standards) are tracked and incorporated into IT security and privacy controls and requirements, as well as policies or Standards Operating Procedures given to staff? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Where is Rimini Street's public-facing privacy notice? Response to customer question:https://www.riministreet.com/privacy-notice/
Question posed by client business:Are default hardened base virtual images applied to virtualized operating systems? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are Constituents allowed to utilize mobile devices within your environment?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does regular security monitoring include malware activity alerts such as uncleaned infections and suspicious activity? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are BMC firmware updates monitored regularly and applied at the first available maintenance window? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Will data specific to client?s operations be segregated from your organization?s other customers? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street connects to its clients through""remote gateways"".  These are dedicated and isolated virtual machines in our datacenter.  One client's remote gateway cannot access another client's network.  Support and transactional data that must be available to the business to provide services and process invoices is logically segregated.
Question posed by client business:Vendor Name * Response to customer question:Rimini Street, Inc.
Question posed by client business:Does the audit function have independence from the lines of business? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How are backups stored? Response to customer question:Backups are stored in secure facilities owned or controlled by Rimini Street, or, in some cases, the facilities of listed sub-processors (for more detail, please refer to the Privacy Information and Subprocessor List document available at all times to clients in the Street Central Portal.
Question posed by client business:18.2 Is there an anti-malware policy or program that has been approved by management, communicated to appropriate constituents and an owner to maintain and review the policy?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there a compliance program or set of policies and procedures that address internal and external Fraud Detection and Fraud Prevention? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:14.24 Are accounts opened, financial transactions initiated or other account maintenance activity (e.g., applying payments, address changes, receiving payments, transferring funds, etc.) through either electronic, telephonic, written or in-person requests made on behalf of your clients' customers?   * Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street does not develop software applications as part of its services.
Question posed by client business:Do you use or disclose PHI in the provision of services? Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street neither requests nor requires access to Protected Health Information. Rimini Street?s access to Protected Health Information, if any, is incidental and will be restricted by Client when practicable.
Question posed by client business:Are Baseboard Management Controllers (BMCs) enabled on any servers or other devices?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does your company support functionality that can use system geographic location as a factor to block access attempts? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street has the capability to restrict engineers assigned to a technical support ticket to certain geographies, with the understanding that this limits the pool of available resources and could impact SLA.  Some internal systems of Rimini Street, such as cookie complies support geo-blocking, but these systems are not relevant to the delivery of technical support services.
Question posed by client business:Are users prevented from accessing dangerous websites? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street employs a system that prevents users from accessing dangerous websites.
Question posed by client business:Does your company provision access to all systems and applications based on defined roles and responsibilities or job functions? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street provisions access to all systems and applications based on defined roles and responsibilities or job function based upon the principle of least privilege.
Question posed by client business:Is there an annual schedule of planned disaster recovery exercises and tests? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is there a segregation of duties for granting access and accessing to Client's data? Response to customer question:Rimini Street utilizes segregation of duties processes and controls for support operations, however in regard to client production data this is not applicable as Rimini Street will not download or store client environment data.
Question posed by client business:Are network technologies used to isolate critical and sensitive systems into network segments separate from those with less sensitive systems?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does your system have automated alerting mechanisms in place to immediately notify appropriate individuals when security events occur? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are backups of Scoped Systems and Data performed?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does your organization have evidence of Compliance with CIS or COBIT frameworks? If yes, please Comment below on which (or both) certifications you have and attach documentation for this item. Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Are web server software versions that no longer have security patches released prohibited? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are policies and procedures in place to address third party privacy obligations including limitations on disclosure and use of client scoped data?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Describe your telecommunication link and security protocols regarding  VPN management rules and other access models Response to customer question:Rimini Street supports isolated P2P VPN connections, or connectivity to clients over SSL VPN.  VPN sessions are logged and audited.
Question posed by client business:Can vendor process customer data in compliance with the Illinois Biometric Data Privacy Act?   * Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street will not be processing biometric information on behalf of clients under any circumstances.  Rimini Street complies with applicable law.
Question posed by client business:Do you have a complaint system (e.g., rules for handling complaints) related to outsourced operations? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street had reporting mechanisms receive privacy, security, and ethics and compliant complaints regarding outsourced operations through published email addresses and hotlines.  Rimini Street also regularly assesses whether vendors that pose a security risk to Rimini Street are still meeting their obligations and will notify in case of data breach as required under law and contract.
Question posed by client business:Does Vendor have agreements with all Subcontractors that contain detailed data security obligations? Response to customer question:Yes. All vendors having access to Rimini Street or client data are subject to data security obligations appropriate to the risk.
Question posed by client business:Have you, to this day, received a request from authorities to disclose personal data which was transferred to You from the EU/EEA? Did you disclose personal data based on such request? Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street has not received any governmental access requests as we do not store or process client environment data, however, if one were directed at Rimini Street, it would be reviewed by Rimini Street's legal departments, including its litigation team and timely notice sent to the client as generally agreed under nondisclosure terms.
Question posed by client business:Describe your organization's information security and privacy policies. Response to customer question:Written information security and privacy policies are published and enforced and they include the policies necessary for comply with certifications for ISO 27001:2015, ISO 9001:2013 and APEC CBPRs as well as including Internet Usage, Acceptable Use and Email Use.  All policies are reviewed at least annually and any changes are approved by the Governance Committee.  Policies are published and made available to all users, contractors, and all concerned parties.
Question posed by client business:Is AXIS sensitive information transmitted internally within offices (including branch locations) over the internet? If yes, is the sensitive data encrypted in transit and where appropriate, the recipient properly authenticate to access the data? Response to customer question:No.Client information submitted to RSI's ticketing system will reside on RSI's secure ISO 27001 certified systems. Client environment data is not downloaded or stored on RSI's systems. Where applicable sensitive data transitions will be encrypted. Please note RSI uses BeyondTrust BOMGAR for secure remote access delivery of it's services.
Question posed by client business:13.10 Is there a formal, documented Information Technology Disaster Recovery exercise and testing program in place?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does Vendor assess all Subcontractors for reasonable and appropriate security? Response to customer question:Yes. All third parties, including vendors, having access to any Rimini Street or client data are assessed for reasonable and appropriate security.
Question posed by client business:18.9 Do you deliver software, firmware, and/or BIOS updates to clients through automatic downloads (e.g., Windows Update, LiveUpdate)?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:14.8 Do employees undergo annual training regarding company expectations related to non-disclosure of insider information, code of conduct, conflicts of interest, and compliance and ethics responsibilities? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are end user device security configuration standards documented? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:What brand and version is your antivirus software? Response to customer question:Rimini Street utilizes a centrally managed BitDefender GravityZone Ultra anti-virus/anti-malware platform that provides automatic updates several times a day along with automatic alerting and exceptional auditing capabilities.
Question posed by client business:Are obsolete or unsupported systems and applications regularly reviewed and removed from the production environments? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does Rimini Street encrypt our passwords that are used for accessing client environments?  How? Response to customer question:Yes. Passwords for named user accounts for connection to the client environment are stored in Thycotic Secret Server which uses AES256 encryption for password storage.
Question posed by client business:Is there a named or designated Information Security oversight functional leader or group that provides clear direction and visible management support for security initiatives within the organization? If yes, please specify. Response to customer question:Yes. Darren Remblence, VP, Security and Facilities
Question posed by client business:Are anti-virus products used? Response to customer question:Yes. Bitdefender is the primary anti-virus scanner for the Rimini Street business environment.
Question posed by client business:Are Mainframes used as part of the Scoped Services? Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Does the vendor have a process for decommissioning assets when they are no longer needed?    * Response to customer question:Yes. Old assets are reclaimed and decommissioned in accordance with ISO 27001:2013 certified standards, including secure erasure of data, shredding of paper.
Question posed by client business:Will vendor comply with the Colorado Privacy Act as of its effective date?   * Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street is expected to comply with the Colorado Privacy Act as of its effective date.
Question posed by client business:Attach a copy of or link to your company's current privacy policy. * Response to customer question:https://www.riministreet.com/privacy-notice/
Question posed by client business:Name and contact information of Senior Information Security Officer or other applicable security contact  * Response to customer question:Darren Remblence, V.P. Security and Facilities security@riministreet.com
Question posed by client business:Will any obsolete or out-of-support systems and applications be used to provide the products or services covered under the scope of this questionnaire? If yes, please describe. Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:10.7 Is access to applications, operating systems, databases, and network devices provisioned according to the principle of least privilege? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street follows the principle of least privilege with respect to the management and allocation of accounts and associated access to RSI systems.?Highly privileged accounts in particular are subject to enhanced security controls, increased auditing and are subject to change management request and review prior to their provision. At all other times users are issued with individual accounts configured and aligned with their respective responsibilities.
Question posed by client business:Are logs retained for at least 6 months?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:13. Are there any dependencies on critical third party service providers? Response to customer question:Yes. See attached sub processor list.
Question posed by client business:Are Hypervisor hardening standards applied on all Hypervisors? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you have a documented process to approve exceptions to the established security policies? If yes, please describe the process. Response to customer question:Yes. Persons seeking an exception to security policies must request security team's approval through the incident ticketing process.
Question posed by client business:What service & support guarantees do you offer? Response to customer question:Rimini Street offers best in class SLA response times, which are set forth in any applicable SOW. For AMS services, we also offer target resolution times, although please note that, like other support and maintenance providers, Rimini Street cannot guarantee resolution of all issues that may arise.  Given the complexity of the systems Rimini Street supports, the various types and severity of issues that may arise is virtually limitless.  Even the original software vendors are unable to 100% guarantee resolutions. Agreements between the parties would also set forth our performance warranty, which is an industry standard remedy designed to ensure that all Services provided meet a minimum level of quality.
Question posed by client business:Does your organization employ Mobile Device Management (MDM) on your mobile phones? Response to customer question:Yes. Only company-issued devices are permitted on Rimini Street's networks and they are controlled by Mobile Device Management (MDM).
Question posed by client business:Are all systems and applications patched regularly?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does your solution support the suspension and/or removal of a user?s access rights without requiring the deletion of the user account (for example, for employees on leave)? Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street does not provide a cloud application that would need to support temporary suspension of user access rights.  The client retains full control over access to the client environment to which Rimini Street connects using remote access.
Question posed by client business:Vendor URL / Website Response to customer question:www.riministreet.com
Question posed by client business:Please confirm if staff are security cleared through background checks and to what level? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street has a formalized HR Recruiting and Onboarding process during which background checks are conducted on all employees and subcontractors.  U.S. and International employees have criminal, education & employment background checks completed.  HireRight performs the background checks.  Rimini Street hiring managers also perform reference verifications.  In addition to background checks Rimini Street employees receive security awareness training during which obligations regarding confidential information and client confidential information is reviewed.
Question posed by client business:Can vendor process customer data in compliance with the HIPAA/HITECH Privacy & Security Rules?   * Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street complies with HIPAA/HITECH Privacy & Security Rules as applicable. Note, however, that Rimini Street does not use or disclose PHI and therefore should not enter into Business Associate Agreements with clients.
Question posed by client business:Does your organization block users from accessing private email accounts while using company devices (including laptops or mobile phones) that also are used to access, modify, transport, or host sensitive, confidential, or legally protected (e.g. PHI) Plan data? Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street employees are permitted to use web browsers to access personal email accounts when in the Rimini Street network.  Whether same is permitted within the client environment is controlled by the client and cannot be controlled by Rimini Street.
Question posed by client business:Does the development/test environment have the same security controls as production?   * Response to customer question:Not Applicable The client maintains control over all security measures and configurations with respect to the test environment that the client provisions for the purposes of the services.
Question posed by client business:5.3 Please describe whether there are multi-geo hosting options (if applicable) and if so, in what jurisdictions. * Response to customer question:No.Although we do have the ability to limit the geographies of engineers permitted to work on client cases, which may impact the speed of service delivery by limiting the pool of available talent.
Question posed by client business:Do you have a formal change management process and documented procedures that govern changes to your IT production environment? Response to customer question:Yes. We utilize a full Change Management system as dictated and managed by RSI's ISO27001 aligned ISMS.
Question posed by client business:Is there a sanctions compliance program or set of policies and procedures that address obligations for Office of Foreign Assets Controls (OFAC) requirements? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are server security configuration standards documented and based on external industry or vendor guidance?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do the contracts with all Subcontractors require the Subcontractor to notify Vendor of a security incident creating a risk to Client Data? Response to customer question:Yes. All contracts with vendors with who have access to Rimini Street data for any reason are contractually required to notify Rimini Street of security incidents that create a risk to Rimini Street or clients.
Question posed by client business:Are there policies and procedures to ensure compliance with applicable legislative, regulatory and contractual requirements? If yes, please describe the process. Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street follows global legislative updates with respect to privacy and security standards and best practices as well as all applicable law.  Relevant changes are considered for updates to relevant policies, which in turn may require updates to procedures that are audited under ISO 27001 and 90001 certifications.
Question posed by client business:Are backup integrity and related restoration procedures tested at least annually? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do network devices deny all access by default? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:1.4 Privacy Contact (Name, Title, Email) Response to customer question:Alex Wall - Director and Managing Counsel, Privacy
Question posed by client business:Does the third party risk management program include an assigned individual or group responsible for capturing, maintaining, and tracking subcontractor Information Security, Privacy, or other issues? Response to customer question:Yes. The Privacy and Security Vendor Risk teams participate in a single group process for capturing, maintaining and tracking subcontractor information for purposes of third party privacy and security risk management.
Question posed by client business:Does your company?s background checks include ANY of the categories listed in the previous question? If so, please list these categories. If Yes, please comment on what items are included. Response to customer question:Yes. A. Criminal Background Check; B. Sanctions List; C. Education Verification; D. Employment Verification Most recent 3-6 Years; E. OFAC; F. Exclusion Lists; G. Sex Offender Registries; H. Social Security Trace; I. Reference Checks.
Question posed by client business:Are backups containing Scoped Data stored in an environment where the security controls protecting them are equivalent to production environment security controls? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is Rimini Street a data processor and are you willing to sign privacy terms in the contract? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini?s Street?s services involve minimal data processing.  We have access to client environments, but we do not have any reason to process any personal data held in client environments.  Our processing activities are limited to the processing of support communications, in the course of providing services.  We recognize the importance of applying strict controls to these limited processing activities and accordingly the terms set out in the MSA reflect GDPR and other international privacy standards.  Our internal data protection policies are also aligned to GDPR.  We also are audited and certified to the ISO 27001:2013 standard for security.
Question posed by client business:17.41 Is there a documented policy or process to maintain accurate, complete and relevant records of client scoped data? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:How often are definitions updated?  * Response to customer question:As soon as they become available from Bitdefender.
Question posed by client business:Has the organization established processes and formal agreements for third party service providers to provide immediate notification in the event of a disruption that impacts delivery of the products and/or services they provide? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Please attach a current copy of your companies most recent penetration test or attestation letter? * Response to customer question:We can provide a letter of completion for the third party penetration testing.
Question posed by client business:Is there a formal Incident Response Plan?   * Response to customer question:Yes
"WITHIN THE PAST FIVE (5) YEARS, HAS ANY CURRENT OR FORMER REPORTING ENTITY OFFICIAL OR ANY INDIVIDUAL CURRENTLY OR FORMERLY HAVING THE AUTHORITY TO SIGN, EXECUTE OR APPROVE BIDS, PROPOSALS, CONTRACTS OR SUPPORTING DOCUMENTATION ON BEHALF OF THE REPORTING ENTITY WITH ANY GOVERNMENT ENTITY BEEN:  The subject of an investigation, whether open or closed, by any government entity for a civil or criminal violation for any business-related conduct? Response to customer question:Yes. On March 2, 2018, the Company received a federal grand jury subpoena, issued from the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, requesting the Company produce certain documents relating to specified support and related operational practices. The Company fully cooperated with this inquiry and the related document requests by April 2019 and has received no further requests since that date.
Question posed by client business:Are routing protocols configured to use authentication? If yes, please describe. Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Has Vendor implemented business processes to prohibit reidentification?  Please describe. Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street does not process personal data as a service and therefore does not deidentify any client environment data.  The personal information in support communications that Rimini Street has access to from client as part of the services are business contact and other information and must remain usable to allow that communication.
Question posed by client business:Can vendor process customer data in compliance with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018?   * Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street complies with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018.
Question posed by client business:Do You publish a transparency report where you declare your position and disclose information on the amount of the requests and your position in answering them? Response to customer question:NoThe receipt of a governmental surveillance request would be unlikely because it has designed a business model that does not require it to store, possess, or otherwise process any data that would be of interest in a governmental request for surveillance seeking relevant information belonging to a client and we have received no such requests.  As a result, there has been no need to create a full report.
Question posed by client business:Are there formal audit and compliance departments and corresponding policies and procedures to ensure compliance with internal policies and standards and external regulatory requirements?  Describe. Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street?s global security & compliance group oversees all compliance efforts and matters of Rimini Street. Parts of that are done through our ISO 9001 process where we conduct internal company audits of each ISO element annually, at a minimum. Depending on complexity, risk, potential issues, we will audit more frequently to ensure effectiveness of our quality management system and compliance programs.
Question posed by client business:Are application/source code reviews performed?  * Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street is not a cloud hosting, software development or application services company.?Rimini Street provides technical support services.
Question posed by client business:Does Vendor have a process to update the Security Program in response to identified internal and external risks or threats to Client Data? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does your company ensure that its systems automatically lock the user?s account after a predetermined number of consecutive unsuccessful logon attempts? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Has your company suffered a data loss or security breach within the last 3 years? Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street has not suffered a systems breach.
Question posed by client business:Are backup and replication errors reviewed and resolved as required? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does vendor have an assigned Data Privacy Officer? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street has a person responsible for privacy compliance, Alex Wall, Director and Managing Counsel, Privacy, but not a so-named Chief Privacy Officer.
Question posed by client business:Is Rimini Street an approved IRS Software Developer? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street has a named person for the Affordable Care Act (ACA), which was recently transferred from Nikki Goicoechea (EBS - now terminated) to Paula Smith (PS ? Active Employee).  This affiliation is used on behalf of Rimini Street for all product lines.  We are currently registered to test using the IRS FIRE system (Filing Information Returns Electronically) and AIR system (Affordable Care Act Information Returns).  We do test electronic filing of 1099?s through the FIRE system, and electronic filing of W-2?s through the Social Security Administration; however, that is completely different from the electronic filing individual or business tax returns.  The IRS has what they call a Responsible Official who can assign production IDs and test codes to developers for the ACA. The IRS requires two Responsible Officials.  Paula Smith and Liz Sheulser are the Responsible Officials for Rimini Street.  In their roles, they request the Web Services Description Language (WSDL) for ACA Information Returns (AIR).  Once these are received, they can assign the developers the 2020 production IDs for development.  We are approved software developers. Our software developer code is BB0HC
Question posed by client business:2.107 Documentation regarding the policies and processes to manage and monitor for unauthorized wireless networks, including evidence of the most recent scan Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Documentation regarding the procedures to deploy and maintain virus protection software Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Documentation related to the use of a remote desktop support function Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Provide details of how information held on data storage media (including tapes, disks, printed results, and stationery) is protected against corruption, loss or disclosure.  Include any additional security controls applied to media containing sensitive information. Response to customer question:Rimini Street does not handle client media or paper, and with respect to Rimini Street media, any portable storage media are removed and stored in a secured facility.  Printed materials must be secured within locked storage areas and are securely shredded when destroyed.
Question posed by client business:2.37 Documentation of the security patch process, including the name of the tool used for patch management Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:What service hosting models are provided as part of this service? ( Response to customer question:<p><span style=""background-color:rgb( 233 , 234 , 246 )"">Rimini Street is not a cloud hosting provider. Rimini Street provides solutions that are demonstrated in test environments hosted by clients. Rimini Street&#39;s support ticketing platform is cloud hosted, but Rimini Street does not host data as a service.</span></p>
Question posed by client business:16.3 Are there security and hardening standards for network devices, including Firewalls, Switches, Routers and Wireless Access Points (baseline configuration, patching, passwords, Access control)?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:17.42 Is there a data privacy or data protection function that maintains compliance, enforcement and monitoring procedures to address compliance for its privacy obligations for client scoped data?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does Vendor have the ability to remotely wipe company-managed data (including Client Data) from all network-aware mobile devices? Response to customer question:Yes. Only company-issued devices are permitted on Rimini Street's networks and they are controlled by Mobile Device Management (MDM).
Question posed by client business:Company/business name  * Response to customer question:Rimini Street - QRA | Rimini Street - QRA | Unknown
Question posed by client business:Describe your telecommunication link and security protocols regarding passwords and encryption Response to customer question:Rimini Street enforces password complexity and history rules.  All encryption keys are centrally managed and access is restricted.
Question posed by client business:Are formal business continuity procedures developed and documented? Response to customer question:Yes<p>The failover process is documented in checklists that are periodically reviewed. The checklists outline each critical step in the changeover process. Manuals are provided that explain in high detail, every step necessary to successfully execute the particular processes outlined in the checklists. These documents are reviewed periodically, tested in dry runs, and verified by a live failover test. IT and Security personnel near both sites have local copies of these instructions.</p>
Question posed by client business:Are privileged user access rights reviewed periodically? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:14.19 Are documented policies and procedures maintained to enforce applicable legal, regulatory or contractual cybersecurity obligations? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is an Application Programming Interface (API) available to clients?   * Response to customer question:Not Applicable
Question posed by client business:Does Service Provider encrypt electronic Sourcing Information that is stored on laptops and portable devices and storage media? Response to customer question:All devices are encrypted with BitLocker and tracked through Active Directory.
Question posed by client business:Is there a disciplinary process for non-compliance with information security policies? If yes, please describe the process. Response to customer question:Yes. Disciplinary processes are in accordance with company policy.
Question posed by client business:Are events on Scoped Systems or systems containing Scoped Data relevant to supporting incident investigation regularly reviewed using a specific methodology to uncover potential incidents?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:16.11 Do the firewalls have any rules that permit 'any' network, sub network, host, protocol or port on any of the firewalls (internal or external)? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:11.4 Are web applications configured to follow best practices or security guidelines (e.g., OWASP)? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Assessee Name Response to customer question:<p>Ian Berry</p>
Question posed by client business:Documentation regarding the policies and procedures for administrative activity logging Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:2.101 Documentation regarding the process to maintain up-to-date IDS/IPS signatures, including the most recent report or screen shot of the IDS/IPS signatures Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Do you keep logs of physical access to areas where confidential information is stored or processed?  Please provide details of the events types logged and the contents of the log messages. Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street does not use, download or store client environment data.  Rimni Street maintains logs of all accesses to its own systems, including the secure remote access tools used to connect to the client service endpoint provided by the client.
Question posed by client business:10.5 Are unique IDs required for authentication to applications, operating systems, databases and network devices? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you have a current copy of your companies most recent Information Security Policy or Policies?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:2.110 Documentation regarding the process to maintain network logging, including a sample network connection log Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:A copy of its utilization of open source code process Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Please provide Labor Hire License Numbers, Expiry Date for Australia States. Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street is not a Labour Hire company and this information is not relevant to our operations and Rimini Street therefore does not track them.
Question posed by client business:Is documentation maintained on previous incidents, outcomes, issues, and lessons learned, together with remediation activities or responses? If yes, how long are these retained? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:A copy of the most recent business impact analysis (BIA) Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Does Service Provider encrypt electronic Sourcing Information that is transmitted over public networks? Response to customer question:Yes. All data transmissions over public networks are encrypted with SSL at a minimum, and up to AES 256 over P2P VPN networks.
Question posed by client business:Documentation on the policies and content of the application security training program and evidence that developers have completed such training Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:19.20 Are Containers used to process or store Scoped data e.g., Docker, Kubernetes, OpenShift?   * Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:17.1 Is there collection of, access to, processing of, disclosure of, or retention of client scoped data that includes any classification of personal information or personal data of individuals?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:6.5 Does Vendor engage third party vendors, affiliates, partners, member firms or government agencies in any of the following with customer data, including any de-identified data? (  (Allows other) * Response to customer question:Rimini Street utilizes third parties to assist in the provision of services and therefore have access to limited client data that is termed support communications (business contact information and the contents of support tickets).  Please review our Privacy Information and Subprocessor List document available at all times in our Street Central client portal for detailed information.
Question posed by client business:Does your company have an independent quality assurance function responsible for testing software and infrastructure prior to implementation? If yes, please describe how this function is managed separately from the development and design teams. Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street does not code software applications as a service.  When software configurations are provide as a solution, all configurations are managed through existing vendor-provided tools.  All code is packaged and delivered to client's development and test environment.  Pursuant to the Services Agreement, all code delivered shall be reviewed and tested by client prior to use in the production environment.
Question posed by client business:8.6 Do physical access controls include collection of access equipment (badges, keys, change pin numbers, etc.) upon termination or status change? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:2.20 Documentation regarding the organizations encryption key management policy, procedures or standards Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:What type of Intrusion Detection Systems (""IDS"") are at the edge of Service Provider's network? Response to customer question:Palo Alto Firewalls, Pulse Secure Firewalls (formerly Juniper Firewalls), and TMG/ISA servers
Question posed by client business:Documentation of the process for defining and maintaining records related to an information security/information technology incident Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:2.119 Documentation of policies, procedures or guidelines that describe the privacy incident reporting, notification, communications and post-incident handling regarding unauthorized disclosure or breach of personal data Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Are physical access control procedures documented? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are Cloud Hosting services (IaaS) provided?   * Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street is not a cloud hosting, software development or application services company.?Rimini Street provides technical support services.
Question posed by client business:What Cloud Hosting Tiers are provided as part of this service? ( Response to customer question:Software as a Service (SaaS)
Question posed by client business:Do you have prohibited the use of unauthorized software, including freeware or shareware? If yes, what are the controls related to preventing their use? Response to customer question:Yes. Only whitelisted software may be installed on Rimini Street workstations and all software is reviewed by IT with Security operations guidance.
Question posed by client business:Corporate password policy and procedures documentation Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Describe the anti-virus and other malicious code protection deployed within the organisation. Please include management details at client, server and network layers. Response to customer question:RSI utilizes a centrally managed BitDefender GravityZone Ultra AV/AntiMalware platform that provides automatic updates several times a day along with automatic alerting and exceptional auditing capabilities. We also utilize traffic detection via MS TMG and through our firewalls to detect potential viral or malware activity and shut down those corresponding streams.
Question posed by client business:Are your internal and external privacy policies and notices reviewed at least annually?  * Response to customer question:Yes. Policies are also subject to legal review and third party audit under ISO 27001:2013 and APEC CBPR certification programs.
Question posed by client business:Are company subcontractors required to be background screened? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street is required to undertake screening of parties requiring access to our network and data in order to meet our compliance, ISO and client contractual requirements.  Individuals who require access will need to undertake a background screening check before they can be onboarded.   All RSI subcontractors/on-demand personnel/supplemental personnel/contingent workers are required to complete background checks/background screens in order to be onboarded.
Question posed by client business:Is there a documented process to identify and assess regulatory changes that could significantly affect the delivery of products and services? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are system logs reviewed for security related events? Response to customer question:Yes. RSI maintains audit logs for its own systems and systems which it maintains, including tools for remote access. Clients are responsible for monitoring their own systems. RSI does not take control of the security of client's service endpoints/environments.
Question posed by client business:15. Does your organization support a remote access environment? Response to customer question:Yes. Client services are provided via Beyond Trust (Bomgar) secure remote management or VPN/Virtualized systems dependent on the client?s needs.
Question posed by client business:17.37 Are individuals informed about their rights to access, review, update, correct and limit disclosure or transmission of their personal information which is maintained by the organization? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Documentation regarding its network monitoring process Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Are collections activities conducted directly to Client's customers?   * Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:Does Rimini Street comply with PCI-DSS rules. Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street is not required to be PCI compliant as we do not process, store or transmit credit card information as part of our Services.  Any potential access to such protected information would be incidental to the Services and would not be used in any manner other than providing the contracted Services to the client.  The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) applies to merchants that have a Merchant ID. The Rimini Street services model does not align to the PCI-DSS certification as we are not a merchant.
Question posed by client business:Does your annual risk assessment include on-site inspections, reviews, and/or audits of the physical security controls relevant to the locations where work will be conducted relevant to this engagement? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Will vendor comply with the California Privacy Rights Act as of its effective date?   * Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street is expected to comply with the California Privacy Rights Act as of its effective date.
Question posed by client business:2.60 Documentation regarding the standard policies and procedures to address security in the development process, including code reviews for target systems or applications. Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Do you publish and communicate your information security policies to employees and contractors? Please describe how you publish and communicate them. Response to customer question:Yes. Policies are published internally on a file repository with versioning control and management approval.  Training upon hire and annually thereafter teaches relevant aspects of these policies.  Ad hoc and/or remedial training is performed as necessary when issues are reported/detected by the ethics and compliance team.
Question posed by client business:Can your system isolate a security event or incident to a specific customer or data set? Response to customer question:Yes. The client maintains control over client environment data, which is not downloaded or stored by Rimini Street.  This data remains isolated and would be specific to the customer.  If a security event occurred in a support ticketing, billing, or communications system, isolation would not be possible, but the data in such platforms is of much lower sensitivity and would consist of support communications.
Question posed by client business:Are vendor employees granted remote access?  * Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street's only access to client data is through remote access to an endpoint controlled by the client.  Access privileges are granted as needed through the appropriate processes and reviewed quarterly.
Question posed by client business:Are Hypervisor Standard builds/security compliance checks required? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Under the Contract, will customers of Rimini Street customers be permitted to access and correct or modify their information? Response to customer question:Yes. Although Rimini Street does not download or store client environment data, Rimini Street supports data subject rights requests with respect to support communications.
Question posed by client business:Is there a set of policies and procedures that address required records management and compliance reporting?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Do you have documented policies and/or procedures establishing compliance with laws and regulations governing your business and the service provided?  If so, please list the documents, include latest date of revision or review and attach copies. Response to customer question:Yes, RSI has extensive documented policies and procedures establishing compliance with laws and regulations governing our business and the service provided, in alignment with applicable law, our ISO 27001 and ISO 9001 certifications,  and best industry practices. Please refer to RSI's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics available at the following link:  https://investors.riministreet.com/static-files/e388fbc1-e750-4351-bb64-477357e17959  Please note RSI personnel are trained to these standards and must abide by its terms.   Please note RSI company policies are company confidential internal materials, which we do not typical share with our clients.
Question posed by client business:Are there any dependencies on critical third party service providers?   * Response to customer question:Yes
"Does your company?s formal risk assessment program include ensuring that ALL of the following information security and privacy policies and procedures are documented, published,  and easily accessible to all members of the workforce?  A. Data Privacy B. Information Security C. Acceptable Use D. Code of Conduct E. Authorized Use of Company Systems or Data. F. Access Control Privileges, Security Roles, and Responsibilities G. Password Management. H. Physical Security. I. System Development and Acquisition, including SDLC J. Change Management. K. Encryption Standards. L. Computer Security and Incident Response M. Information & Data Handling, Use, Storage, and Destruction of Sensitive or Protected Data N. Third Party and Remote Access. O. Security Awareness and Training. P. Sanctions for Non-Compliance with Policies Q. Security Awareness and Training. Mobile Device Including MDM or BYOD. S. Asset Management and Ownership T. Security Risk Management. U. Third-Party Risk Management. V. Syste Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does your company maintain an inventory of hardware or software that includes asset control tags, assigned owners or users, and physical locations for all devices that will be used within the scope of services or products covered by this assessment? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is the antivirus centrally managed?    * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Will Plans be provided software or access a web portal for the services or products within the scope of this questionnaire? (select all that apply) Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street will provide technical support through a secure and encrypted support portal that will only ingest support communications intentionally provided by the client to Rimini Street.  We ask that highly sensitive data and attachments containing third party IP or sensitive personal data (other than business contact information) not be uploaded by the client to the portal.  Client environment data remains in the client environment at all times and even if viewed pursuant to applicable SOW will not be downloaded or stored or processed by the web portal (called Street Central).
Question posed by client business:Do you have a current copy of your companies most recent Technical diagram of solution?  * Response to customer question:Rimini Street can provide a technical diagram of service delivery upon request.
Question posed by client business:Describe the process for patching and upgrading the supplier's systems.  Include information on the frequency of and conditions triggering the supplier's patching systems.   For example, the time frames for applying critical patches as compared with non-critical patches. Response to customer question:Rimini Street constantly monitors vendor sites and industry recognized mailing lists for security vulnerabilities in the products and tools that Rimini Street utilizes. When new security patches are released, tests and evaluations of these security patches and updates are performed to ensure interoperability with our systems.  Deploying the appropriate updates are centrally managed and performed within preset timeframes. Clean-access checkpoints check the compliance of connected devices.  Workstations are patched within 5 business days and servers within 15 business days. Company issued phones are not permitted to connect unless patched with the latest security patches, after a short grace period of 15 business days. Compliance is audited and reported on a monthly basis.
Question posed by client business:Is physical media that contains Client data re-used when no longer required? Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street will not possess physical media from the client.  Rimini Street does have documented procedures in place with respect to Rimini Street physical media.
Question posed by client business:Is client data on removable media encrypted? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street utilizes encryption for all removable media utilized for support operations. Rimini Street will not download, store, or otherwise possess client environment data.
Question posed by client business:16.23 Is there a wireless policy or program that has been approved by management, communicated to appropriate constituents and an owner to maintain and review the policy? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Is Client's data encrypted in storage / at rest? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street utilizes encryption in motion and at rest technologies, however in regard to Client production data this is not applicable as Rimini Street will not download, store, or otherwise possess client environment data.
Question posed by client business:Do you have Data Loss Prevention (DLP) or Intrusion Monitoring Software? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does Rimini Street comply with the Modern Slavery Act (UK and Australia)?  Where can Rimini Street's statements be found? Response to customer question:Yes. For UK clients. Refer to the following link: https://www.riministreet.com/uk-modern-slavery-act-statement/ For Australia: Our Australian Modern Slavery Act statement was published on the Australian register December 6 2021.  If any clients ask, we can now provide them the link to the statement on the Australian Border Force website and the following link: https://modernslaveryregister.gov.au/statements/5963/
Question posed by client business:Will vendor comply with the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act as of its effective date?   * Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street is expected to comply with the Colorado Privacy Act as of its effective date.
Question posed by client business:2.7 Documentation that describes the organization's process for addressing security contract clauses within service provider agreements and provide evidence that the organization's required security requirements (e.g., standard provisions, model contracts, contract term database) have been included in its vendor contracting process. Documentation that defines the organization's guidelines and process for management and approval of exception handling for required contract terms Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Document(s) that are part of the secure workspace physical security and risk management programs Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Does the password policy prohibit a PIN or secret question as a possible stand-alone method of authentication? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:17.31 For client scoped data, is personal information provided to the organization directly by the client?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:14.3 Is there an internal audit, risk management, or compliance department, or similar management oversight unit with responsibility for assessing, identifying and tracking resolution of outstanding regulatory issues?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Who is the identity provider (Libbey Active Directory) for login credentials? Response to customer question:The client controls the security and permissions of the client environment to which Rimini Street connects when providing the services.
Question posed by client business:How often is customer data backed up?    (Allows other) * Response to customer question:Not Applicable Yes Rimini Street has a data backup and retention process, which backs up email, business contact information, support tickets and other support communications.  Rimini Street does not backup client environment data as we do not download or store client environment data.
Question posed by client business:Is there a policy or process for the backup of production data?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:14.28 Are policies and procedures in place to restrict activities or transactions for sanctioned countries (e.g., country blocking)?   * Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Does your company permit shared accounts? Response to customer question:No.Rimini Street does not permit shared accounts.
Question posed by client business:Please attach Crisis Management response procedures and most recent test results. Response to customer question:Not Applicable Rimini Street does not share internal confidential company documents with clients as to share them would compromise the security of Rimini Street and its clients and potentially violate applicable law.
Question posed by client business:2.38 A list of application security risks, which are documented as part of the application security program and review the most recent application security report Response to customer question:<p>Summary documentation is available upon request.</p>
Question posed by client business:Telephone number: Response to customer question:Yes(702) 839-9671
Question posed by client business:Please provide the results of external security audits for SSAE 16, SSAS 70, SOC 2 Type II Response to customer question:SAS 70/SSAE18/SOC 2 are not appropriate standards for Rimini Street's support services, because it does not host client data as a service.  Instead, Rimini Street submits to the rigorous international standards of ISO 27001 for information security and ISO 9001 for quality management.
Question posed by client business:Is the default password changed on all BMCs? Response to customer question:Yes
Question posed by client business:Are mobile applications that access Scoped Systems and Data developed?   * Response to customer question:No.
Question posed by client business:What antivirus is used?  * Response to customer question:BitDefender GravityZone Ultra
Question posed by client business:6.23 Does vendor comply with any other state, federal, or international privacy laws? Response to customer question:Yes. Rimini Street complies with all applicable laws, as well as processes and procedures certified to ISO 27001, ISO 9001, APEC CBPR standards.  Rimini Street operates in more than 22 countries and has clients in more than 140 countries.
Question posed by client business:Recovery Time Objective (RTO). Response to customer question:Yes. RSI's Recovery Time Objective (RTO) of 4 hours or less.
Question posed by client business:Is it possible for our company to conduct on-site verification of the information security status of the outsourced operations for the relevant department? Response to customer question:Yes. RSI will allow audit under the future commercial services agreement provided reasonable conditions are agreed regarding time, manner and place of audit to preserve the security of Rimini Street and its other clients. Rimini Street maintains right to audit all vendors and can obtain information necessary to demonstrate compliance from them, however physical access to their facilities rarely permitted, for example Salesforce would not permit us to allow a client to audit their physical facilities.
